Fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The major fire in a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen is considered to be particularly dangerous. The prefecture of Normandy announced on Friday. The fire broke out on Thursday night. Nobody was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was in action with around 200 fire engines.
The fire could be stopped
Neighboring residents were asked not to leave their homes. Buildings within 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday. In the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine, additives for lubricants are produced. The factory belongs to the company Lubrizol of US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the so-called Seveso directive of the EU, which prescribes particularly strict safety requirements.
Around 400 people work in the plant. The chemical plant has already made headlines in the past - for example, when the methanethiol gas escaped through a leak in 2013 and the area smelt of rotten eggs. In 2015, around 2,000 liters of mineral oil flowed into the city's sewage system after an industrial accident.
Wife quits her job to look for her missing dog for 57 days
A woman from Washington spent two months looking for her missing dog - and quit her job especially for it. The seven-year-old border collie ran away from his hotel room while on a short vacation in Montana. 57 days there was no trace of the bitch - but Carole King did not give up.
"It was awful. I felt sick," Carole King told the Daily Inter Lake. She and her husband had left bitch Katie in the hotel room while they went to dinner. When they returned to the hotel, Katie was gone. They looked for the animal, but without success.
Donner had panicked Dog
Carole King went to the front desk, hoping Katie might still be somewhere in the hotel. "The clerk says," She left about four, four and a half hours ago, "" Carole King recalls to Daily Inter Lake. When the automatic front door opened, Katie ran out immediately. Presumably a loud thunder had panicked the dog.
The Kings looked for their beloved dog with flyers and calls in Facebook groups. But days turned into weeks. "I never gave up. I never lost hope," Carole King told the Daily Inter Lake, who quit her job as a postal worker to continue her search for Katie.
"The tears flowed"
57 days after Katie's disappearance, Carole King received a call: A man answered and said that Katie was in his yard. But by the time King got there, Katie was gone. She searched the neighborhood and suddenly her dog was standing under a tree. "I just hugged her. I didn't want to let her go," King recalled, according to the Daily Inter Lake. "The tears flowed. People stopped in their vehicles, got out and hugged each other. I think the whole neighborhood knew we had found them."
Losses in the Bundeswehr: machine guns disappear without a trace
Friday 27th September 2019
Six MG3 machine guns are still missing.
In recent years the Bundeswehr has lost numerous weapons and tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition. Including three machine guns. In most cases the whereabouts are unclear. The opposition speaks of a "frightening" extent.
Guns and ammunition keep disappearing in the Bundeswehr - many of them without a trace so far. Since the beginning of 2014, the force recorded the loss of 39 weapons, 39 weapon parts and almost 20,000 rounds of ammunition. This emerges from a classified list of the Federal Ministry of Defense, on which the editorial network Germany reports.
According to the paper from the office of Secretary of State for Defense Peter Tauber of the CDU, two weapons, a weapon part and 3474 rounds of ammunition have appeared again so far. The weapons and weapon parts that have still disappeared include six MG3 machine guns, eleven G3 rifles, four G36 rifles, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols. In addition, 30 gun barrels for machine guns of the type MG3 are missing.
The extent of weapons and ammunition losses in the Bundeswehr was "frightening", said the left-wing member of the Bundestag Martina Renner. This is all the more true since hardly anything has been found in the course of investigations. The left-wing politician spoke of a "poor record". Renner criticized the fact that it was not clear from the list whether the missing ammunition was also the one that had been found in connection with the investigation into the suspected German armed forces officer Franco A. "Even though a supporter of Franco A. was recently convicted of possessing these ammunition," said Renner.
Oil tanker "Stena Impero" left Iranian port
More than two months after its arrest by the Iranian authorities, the British oil tanker "Stena Impero" left the port of Bandar Abbas on Friday. As ship observation data from Refinitiv showed, the tanker started moving and left the Iranian port. Port Rashid in the United Arab Emirates was specified as the port of destination.
The tanker had actually already been released by the Iranian government on Monday, but initially it remained in Iranian waters. The shipping company said that they wanted to await an official decision from Tehran.
The "Stena Impero" was brought up on July 19 by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard on Seestrasse in Hormuz, accused of violating security regulations. It has been suggested, however, that Iran was responding to the controversial, temporary detention of an Iranian oil tanker off Great Britain's Gibraltar.
The Strait of Hormuz is one of the most important sea routes in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the global oil export is shipped through the strait. Tensions in the region had intensified immensely in recent months. Merchant shipping has been drawn into the US-Iran conflict. There were several incidents involving tankers and drones.
Merkel recognizes the courage of the people in the Peaceful Revolution
Chancellor Angela Merkel praised the commitment of the people in the GDR who took to the streets during the Peaceful Revolution 30 years ago. In the autumn of 1989, courageous citizens had shaken the then GDR regime, said Merkel at a ceremony of the Thuringian CDU parliamentary group on the upcoming day of German unity in Erfurt. The Chancellor recalled, among other things, the occupation of the Stasi headquarters. "The horror has been taken away from the state security," she said.
Musk is aiming for a delivery record
Tesla's quarter may hold a record. Despite the delivery boom, there have recently been losses at the electric car company.
New York: Tesla boss Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers. "We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries," wrote Musk in an email to Tesla employees published by the industry blog "Electrek".
The demand is strong, so that Tesla could book 110,000 orders, it said in Musk's circular. The challenge is to get the cars to customers quickly. To do this, Tesla must mobilize as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked that: Tesla's shares went out of trading with a plus of over six percent. The price has not risen that much in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered a good 95,000 cars and thus reached its previous record.
Musk needs records to achieve his lofty goals. In 2019 he plans to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this, six-digit numbers must be produced in the current and coming quarter. Above all, the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but the profit margins are low here. Despite the boom, there have recently been losses.
Riddle solved: because of this, we cannot tickle ourselves
A kind of brake in the cerebrum prevents people from tickling themselves. Scientists at the Humboldt University in Berlin found this out with the help of experiments on rats, as they announced on Thursday evening. Progress has also been made on why children resist tickling so violently, only to then demand more.
Finally, it has also been shown why the approach of a tickling hand alone triggers laughter before touching it. This is due to a deep layer in the cerebrum, which already triggers laughter when the expectation of tickling occurs.
According to the information, previous research showed that rats respond by "laughing" at ultrasound when tickled by humans. This "laugh" is conveyed through the part of the cerebral cortex which is used for the central processing of haptic perception.
Laughter is suppressed during self-touch
So far it has been assumed that the brain can differentiate between touching oneself and being touched by others - that is why people cannot tickle themselves. However, in the experiments on rats, the Berlin researchers found that laughter and activity in the relevant area of the cerebral cortex are suppressed during self-contact. This is also the case when living beings clean themselves. During the contact and the tickling by the scientists, the activity in the brain and the impulse to laugh were increased.
But if the self-touch and the touch by others happen at the same time, laughter is also suppressed. This suggests that the rat's brain cannot distinguish between touching itself and being touched by others. The new findings suggested that people cannot tickle themselves because touching them activates a brake in the cerebrum.
The rats were also trained to tickle themselves. In doing so, they sometimes broke off this initiation prematurely in the experiment, showed escape behavior or paralysis. This ambivalence resembles the behavior of children. The ambivalence of tickling is a behavioral reaction that is the same in rats and humans.
Disaster averted: major fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The major fire in a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen is considered to be particularly dangerous. The prefecture of Normandy announced the AFP news agency on Friday. The fire broke out on Thursday night.
According to the authorities, no hazardous substances should have leaked. The samples taken are no cause for concern, as Prefect Pierre-André Durand said at a press conference on Friday morning. Nobody was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was in action with around 200 fire engines.
Schools and kindergartens were closed
Local residents were asked not to leave their homes. Buildings within 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday.
Factory belongs to the Lubrizol company owned by US billionaire Warren Buffett
In the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine, additives for lubricants are produced. The factory belongs to the company Lubrizol of US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the so-called Seveso directive of the EU, which prescribes particularly strict safety requirements. Around 400 people work in the plant.
The chemical plant has already made headlines in the past - for example, when the methanethiol gas escaped through a leak in 2013 and the area smelt of rotten eggs. In 2015, around 2000 liters of mineral oil flowed into the city's sewage system after an industrial accident.
Brexit: Johnson criticized by his own sister
The Prime Minister's sister commented on Boris Johnson's speech at the first session in parliament after the break on Wednesday evening. The prime minister is threatening to lead the country out of the EU on October 31 without an agreement if Brussels does not accept his demands for changes to the Brexit agreement. How he intends to achieve this is unclear, however.
Regarding Cox, who had campaigned for Britain to remain in the European Union, the Prime Minister said: "The best way to honor the memory of Jo Cox and to reunite this country would be to exit the EU". Cox was murdered by a right-wing extremist during the 2016 referendum campaign.
Memorial to the attacks in Oslo and Utöya is unveiled
More than eight years after the attacks in Oslo and Utöya with 77 dead, a memorial in honor of the victims will be unveiled in Norway on Saturday. The monument "Jernrosene" (German: the iron roses) consists of around 1,000 iron rose replicas. They are reminiscent of the roses that thousands of people placed in front of the Oslo Cathedral in the days and weeks after the attacks.
The project by the artists Tobbe Malm and Tone Karlsrud is to be unveiled at the same location - the roses were forged by people from all over the world, including survivors and relatives of the victims. Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit, among others, are expected at the opening.
Right-wing terrorist Anders Behring Breivik first detonated a car bomb in the government district of Oslo on July 22, 2011 and then shot dozens of participants in a holiday camp run by the youth organization of the Social Democratic Labor Party on the island of Utöya. A total of 77 people were killed in the attacks.
Iran releases British tankers
The UN general debate did not bring about a solution to the Iran conflict. But now there is one less problem. The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" held in Iran was able to set sail again. It could be a piece of the puzzle in Iranian President Ruhani's peace plan.
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero", detained in the Strait of Hormuz in Iran since mid-July, is back in international waters. After the clearance by the Iranian authorities, the ship is on its way to Dubai, as the shipping company Stena Bulk announced.
The "Stena Impero" has left the port of Bandar Abbas and the crew is now going to Dubai for medical examinations, among other things, explained shipping line manager Erik Hånell. The ship left Iranian waters around noon. "It's good that it's over," he told the Swedish TV station SVT.
The State Department in London declared the detention of the ship illegal. "This is part of a pattern of attempts to impair the freedom of the seas. We are working with our international partners to uphold shipping and international law," said a statement on Friday.
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard arrested the tanker on July 19 on charges of disregarding the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf. Seven of the 23 crew members had already been released in early September. The remaining 16 crew members are doing well under the circumstances, said Hånell. In view of the difficult and stressful situation, you have behaved professionally over the past ten weeks. The shipping company is now working on reuniting them with their families as quickly as possible.
The British government suspected that the capture of the "Stena Impero" was a reaction to a similar incident in Gibraltar, where a supertanker with oil from Iran, which is said to have been destined for Syria, was chained at the beginning of July. According to the authorities, the delivery violated EU sanctions against the war country Syria. The British had received the reference to the ship from the USA.
Iran spoke of "piracy" and threatened consequences. In mid-August the "Adrian Darya-1" was finally released. London vehemently rejected the assumption that it was an exchange deal to get the "Stena Impero" free.
The Strait of Hormuz is one of the most important sea routes in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the world's oil exports are shipped through the strait. Tensions in the region had intensified immensely in recent months. Merchant shipping has been drawn into the US-Iran conflict. There were several incidents involving tankers and drones.
Behind the tensions between Tehran and Washington is the nuclear dispute between the two countries. The Americans accuse the Iranian leadership of wanting to build nuclear weapons. Iran rejects that. The United States single-handedly withdrew from the international nuclear agreement in 2018, which was supposed to prevent Iran from building an atomic bomb and at the same time end its political and economic isolation. Since then, the US government has been putting the leadership in Tehran under pressure with massive economic sanctions against the country in order to force a stricter agreement that extends to other areas. Iran has been resisting the pressure so far.
Because of the dispute over the "Stena Impero" and other incidents with tankers in the Persian Gulf and oil facilities in Saudi Arabia, the US is working on a coalition for the military protection of merchant ships in the region.
The Iranian President Hassan Ruhani presented a plan for security and peace on the Strait of Hormuz at the UN General Assembly in New York. With the "Coalition of Hope" initiative for the Persian Gulf, Iran wants to ensure the safety of shipping in the Persian Gulf together with the Arab Gulf states and without foreign protective powers.
India is building a better future for itself with its protectionist economic policy.
India would actually be predestined to be a "war profiteer". In view of the punitive tariffs imposed by US President Donald Trump on Chinese manufacturers, foreign producers in the People's Republic are forced to reschedule. According to a survey by UBS, the chief financial officers of Asian companies considering moving their production from China to another country named India as one of the preferred alternatives. Of course, this has more to do with the unpredictability of the Sino-American trade war. With a huge pool of young workers and a domestic market of 1.3 billion consumers, India appears to have been made to play a more important role in the global production chain.
But now India itself has come into Trump's focus. Dubiously dubbed the "Kingdom of Customs" by the warrior in the White House, America withdrew trade concessions for 2,000 products from the emerging country at the beginning of June. The USA accuses India of prohibitively high tariffs and demands better market access for agricultural goods, cell phones, spirits, motorcycles and more.
On the world map of the trade wars, friction with India is of course only a sideline. In addition, America also views the world's largest democracy through the lens of security policy. Delhi and Washington share concerns about China's claims to power in the South Indian Ocean. Against this background, a volley of American punitive tariffs against India seems unlikely. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has just started a second five-year term, should therefore feel safe.
The problem lies elsewhere, however: the empirically confirmed thesis that open markets accelerate economic development has a difficult time in the socialist republic of India. Even under Modi. His zeal for reform is mainly aimed at the bureaucratic madness that for too long stifled any entrepreneurial spirit in the multi-ethnic state. Companies now receive building permits for buildings faster. You benefit from a better energy and transport infrastructure, and a more effective insolvency and bankruptcy law creates the conditions for liquidating seemingly dead companies with high debts more quickly.
The success of these efforts can be seen and measured in the relevant rankings. From an economic perspective, much has changed for the better in India in the first five years of Modi. But that is not the case in trade policy. Inspired by protecting internationally less competitive companies from foreign suppliers, the national conservative government even set up new barriers.
In the West, Modi has the nimbus of the energetic reformer who is radically renewing his country economically. This impression is due not least to the fact that the charismatic prime minister knows all too well which vocabulary Western managers like. In essence, however, the "India First" advocate never moved away from a protectionist economic policy, which prevents Indian companies from being forced to get rid of anachronistic processes and thus become fit for global competition. Businesspeople who survive thanks to the foreclosure of their industries are among the regular voters of Modi's nationalist Bharatiya Janata party and applaud this short-sighted policy.
Funeral of Jacques Chirac on Monday in Paris
Former French President Jacques Chirac is said to be buried in Paris next week, according to a report. The former head of state will be buried on Monday in the Montparnasse cemetery in the south of the French capital, the AFP news agency reported, citing the Chiracs family. The funeral will take place in close family circles. A public memorial service was scheduled for Sunday in the Paris Invalides, as the media reported.
Carried the competitor to the finish line: Dabo is the first secret hero of the World Athletics Championships
The top of the world had long since reached their destination when heartwarming scenes played out in the cooled-down Khalifa International Stadium. In the men's first run over 5000 meters, Jonathan Busby from Aruba began to sway dangerously. He could hardly stand on his feet a good 300 meters from the finish and was walking in an unhealthy stooping position when Braima Suncar Dabo from the West African country Guinea-Bissau suddenly hooked him and dragged him the last half round of the stadium to the finish. Both of them had enough strength to stop the wristwatch after they had passed the finish line. As if the scene wasn't curious enough already.
"I just wanted to help him. Anyone in this situation would have done the same," said Dabo after the mixed zone race when he unexpectedly caught the attention of the assembled journalists. At first he shyly evaded, not wanting to talk about his heroic deed at all. After all, he wanted to set his personal best and when he realized that this would be difficult, he only wanted to help a fellow sufferer. And anyway he would only be proud to represent his country, which was invited by the world association for the World Cup. Under normal circumstances he shouldn't even have started. "That's why I'm proud to run here for my country," he said.
He did that emphatically that evening - and much more intensely than he would have thought. Because this heroic deed will be remembered. Especially since Dabo even let his competitor Busby take precedence at the finish and voluntarily took the last place - a good five minutes after the Ethiopian Selemon Barega, who won this preliminary run. In the end it was of no use, because Busby, who only crossed the finish line with a lot of help, was disqualified by the World Athletics Federation for that very reason.
Dabo, who lives in Portugal and studies there in Lisbon, was there to set a personal best at the World Cup in Doha. According to the official data, that succeeded with 18: 10.87 minutes, but he was still disappointed: "I wanted to run 17:55 minutes. I was already under 18 minutes". However, only in training, because best times don't count.
Million Masch: Egyptians are preparing for wild day of protest
In Egypt, security measures have been tightened in the run-up to possible anti-government protests. An increased police presence was observed in the center of Cairo on Friday. Several metro stations remained closed and streets around central Tahrir Square were blocked.
The police had already stepped up their roadside checks in recent days and searched pedestrians' cell phones for messages and photos in connection with the protests. Hundreds had been arrested, according to two non-governmental organizations.
Opponent of al-Sisi
Last weekend there were protests with hundreds of participants in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura. They were directed against the government of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, which critics accuse of corruption and mismanagement. There had not been such an open protest against the political leadership in Egypt for years. The Egyptian building contractor and actor Mohammed Ali, who lives in exile in Spain and who started the demonstrations with video messages on Facebook, has called for a "march of millions" in central places in the country this Friday. Ali calls for a "people's revolution". The man is not a "good one" for most young Egyptians because he made millions as a subcontractor for the army, but his messages are getting through.
The number of arrests related to the protests continued to rise, according to two groups of observers. The Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF) counted more than 1,570 arrests as of Friday. The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR) and the human rights organization Human Rights Watch (HRW) spoke of more than 2,000 arrests. These figures could not initially be confirmed independently. The government also did not confirm or comment on the numbers.
Arbitrary arrests
Many people were "arbitrarily arrested" "just because they were 'at the wrong time in the wrong place'", HRW said, citing lawyers. According to their lawyers, the allegations against the arrested range from "spreading false information" to membership in a "terrorist group". In Cairo, Alexandria and other cities, security forces in uniform but also in civilian clothing questioned and searched passers-by at random, according to HRW.
HRW also criticized the censorship in the North African country. Accordingly, the government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services in order to prevent further protests against Sisi.
Online retailers: Mail order retailers should be able to donate returns more easily
For online retailers, many returned packages are lost goods. Around 20 million returns end up in the garbage. But there is an alternative.
The Ministry of Finance has shown online retailers such as Amazon and Zalando a way of donating returned products instead of destroying them.
Companies could not be exempted from sales tax on donations in kind, the ministry said in response to a question from the Greens parliamentary group about which the newspapers of the Funke media group reported on Friday. However, the dealers could set the market value of the unsaleable returns so low that they would have to pay little or no sales tax.
Scientists from the University of Bamberg had determined that Germans send back every sixth parcel when ordering online. Around four percent of the goods - around 20 million products - then ended up in the garbage. According to the current legal situation, donating them would cost the company additional money, because the tax authorities assess donations in kind as sales on which sales tax is then incurred.
Green parliamentary group leader Katrin Göring-Eckardt called on Finance Minister Olaf Scholz (SPD) to issue a decree to clarify that companies can evaluate products that cannot be sold accordingly and donate them free of charge to non-profit organizations. Companies should be able to rely on not being punished for donating. This applies not only to online trading, but also to other businesses from fashion stores to hardware stores.
Banksy Art For Sale: There has never been a better time to sell this painting
The famous work by street art star Banksy, "Devolved Parliament", is due to be auctioned off soon.
For Branczik, Banksy's work underscores "the regression of the oldest parliamentary democracy in the world into an attitude shaped by animals and tribes". The painting will be on display at Sotheby's in the British capital from Saturday until it is auctioned on October 3rd. It is estimated at 1.5 to two million euros.
The work was first exhibited in 2009 at the Bristol Museum in South West Britain, where Banksy lives. This year the artist exhibited the painting again - coinciding with the original Brexit date on March 29. On that occasion, the work that was formerly called "Question Time" was renamed "Devolved Parliament" ("Delegated Parliament").
The picture could change hands for millions.
Most recently, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had a hard exchange of blows with the opposition on Wednesday at the first session of the House of Commons after the Supreme Court lifted a mandatory break imposed by Johnson. Johnson wants to implement Brexit, which has already been postponed twice, on October 31, if necessary without an agreement with the EU.
It's not the first time that Banksy, whose identity is still unknown, has gotten involved in the Brexit debate. In Dover, in the south-east of England, he painted a picture of a man breaking a star on the European flag with a chisel. The factory is seen by thousands of truck drivers and other visitors entering the UK every day.
Brexit debate is like a "walk in the park"
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's violent verbal attacks on Brexit opponents in Parliament are not contributing to a climate of hatred, according to his top advisor. In comparison to the election campaign before the 2016 Brexit referendum, the current controversy is a "walk in the park," said Dominic Cummings at a book launch on Friday. "We enjoy this. We will leave (the EU) and we will win".
Johnson had attacked Brexit opponents in parliament in the past few days and accused them of "betraying" the people. He dismissed accusations that he could put MPs in danger because they could be the target of death threats as "humbug".
Cummings said the only way to calm things down is if MPs finally respect the British decision to leave the EU. Not surprisingly, people were upset that the UK had still not left the EU three years after the referendum.
In view of the charged atmosphere, even the bishops of the Anglican Church called for restraint on Friday. "We should speak to each other with respect," it said in a statement. "And we should also listen".
Pakistan's Prime Minister Khan calls for UN intervention in Kashmir
With an emotional appeal, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan once again called on the United Nations to intervene in the Kashmir conflict during his first appearance at the UN General Assembly.
Otherwise, another war between the nuclear powers Pakistan and India is likely, said Khan on Friday at the UN general debate in New York. "When things go bad, you hope for the best, but be prepared for the worst." The United Nations had a responsibility for Kashmir. "You should have prevented that".
India and Pakistan have waged three wars since becoming independent from British colonial rule in 1947, two of them over the divided region of Kashmir. Both nuclear powers each control part of Kashmir, another part belongs to China. At the beginning of August, India withdrew its autonomous status from the Indian Kashmir region and thus suddenly increased tensions in relation to Pakistan.
Not even a bottle of water
The demonstrators in Cairo are calling for the overthrow of Egyptian President al-Sisi.
The government is reacting with a hard hand against the current protests in Egypt. It fires live ammunition at the population, and more than 2,000 people arrested join the 60,000 political prisoners who are already in prison there. Protesting has never been safe in Egypt. But since General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi came to power in 2013, the state apparatus has been doing everything it can to avoid a scenario like the one during the Arab Spring.
But one of the triggers for the 2011 protests was the poor economic situation. Poverty, a lack of prospects and the feeling of being stifled by their own government drove millions onto the streets. And that is a problem that even the el-Sisi regime cannot get a grip on, no matter how tough it is against adversaries. The situation has actually deteriorated.
Today every third person in Egypt lives below the poverty line. The currency has lost more than half of its value since 2016 and the inflation rate is ten percent. If you want to buy a bottle of water in the supermarket, you have to decide who to finance: Nestlé, Coca-Cola or the military. The latter is not only responsible for the suppression but also the largest economic actor. The military builds roads, houses, football stadiums, produces food and much more. That was the case before el-Sisi. The Egyptian people have a lot of experience with authoritarian regimes, and the dilemma in the supermarket is also an old one. It always becomes critical when large parts of the population have difficulties in even affording a bottle of water.
Tüv tests in the terminal: BER boss: No more "show stoppers" for the capital's airport
For two months, it was checked whether the complex network of systems at BER fire protection works together. The operators are satisfied with the way things went. But the TÜV is not yet ready at BER.
After extensive TÜV inspections in the terminal of the future capital city airport, the operators have confirmed the planned opening in October next year. This is certain, said supervisory board chairman Rainer Bretschneider after a meeting of the supervisory body.
Airport boss Engelbert Lütke Daldrup spoke of a successfully completed examination, but also said that there were still deficiencies in the terminal to be worked off. "We have a lot of detailed topics, but we don't have a real show stopper". He assured us that the schedule for commissioning still contained a buffer.
However, there are indications that the time reserve should no longer be too great. The construction completion notice is now to be submitted to the building authority in the course of the first quarter of 2020; at the beginning of the year, this was planned for this autumn.
Hundreds of defects in power cables remain to be fixed; the TÜV wants to check this until February. "In order to create the prerequisites for the start of flight operations, we must continue to work intensively on the processing of the deficiencies," it said in a written message.
Lütke Daldrup said that in many cases it was about missing evidence and less about new cables. There is also no approval for all dowels on which the cable routes hang. The airport manager expects this to be available by the end of the year.
In addition, the fire protection at the transition to the train station under the terminal is not yet working satisfactorily. The problems had led the project into another crisis three years ago. This time it is about smoke aprons that shut down like a canvas in the event of a fire so that the smoke does not spread. You're going down too far. 36 motors therefore have to be replaced. Then there should be new experiments with hot gas smoke at the beginning of the year.
Problems with fire protection and other construction defects and planning errors have been delaying the opening of the airport for years. It was originally supposed to go into operation in 2011. Since construction began in 2006, costs have risen from two billion euros to an estimated 6.5 billion euros when it opens next year.
Because the number of passengers in Berlin has increased significantly since then, those responsible are planning to expand the airport. That is what chairman Bretschneider announced in a special meeting of the supervisory board on October 18.
The airport company is now looking for two new managing directors. CFO Heike Fölster will move to Deutsche Bahn at the end of the year, HR manager Manfred Bobke-von Camen will retire next year, as Bretschneider said. He thanked Foelster. You have put the airport finances on a solid footing.
Chemnitz: vending machines for drugs blown - police arrest man
He needed money for drugs - and blew up a number of machines in the Chemnitz city area! Now the perpetrator is finally in custody!
In the past two years, the number of blown cigarette and parking ticket machines in Chemnitz and the region has risen sharply. There was a million damage!
After two detonations at the end of May, the police caught a 33-year-old German on Bürgerstrasse and Further Strasse in Chemnitz.
Police spokesman Andrzej Rydzik: "In the course of the investigation into causing explosives in a crime unit with a particularly serious case of theft, which were carried out by the Chemnitz criminal police, not only this suspicion against the 33-year-old was confirmed."
Faced with the new evidence, the 33-year-old from Chemnitz confessed to a total of eight acts.
The police spokesman: "With the booty he apparently financed his drug addiction". The bomber had blown up parking ticket machines on Bürgerstrasse four times between August 20, 2018 and May 31, 2019.
The total damage incurred amounts to at least 60,000 euros!
The machine bomber is now in custody. The police investigation against him continues.
It is conceivable that he was also responsible for further automatic demolitions in Chemnitz and neighboring districts.
AUA takes over Eurowings flights from Vienna
The Lufthansa Group is changing its strategy for Vienna Airport. In the midst of the price war with low-cost airlines such as Lauda, Wizz Air, EasyJet and Level, the Lufthansa subsidiary AUA will "take over the commercial control of all Eurowings flights from Vienna", a press spokesman for Austrian Airlines confirmed to APA on Friday. "AviationNetOnline" had previously reported on it.
The Vienna base of the Lufthansa low-cost airline Eurowings is thus de facto dissolved. Four of the current seven Eurowings aircraft will remain in Vienna. The AUA will take over this in a "wet lease" from January 2020, including Eurowings staff. In the future, three Eurowings jets will be stationed in Salzburg, which will fly from Salzburg and Innsbruck as charter planes to holiday destinations. Routes from Vienna to Germany will be handled by Eurowings Germany.
The Eurowings base in Vienna will be integrated into the AUA hub and network planning, the spokesman said. The flight times should be coordinated with connecting flights. The aim is on the one hand to strengthen the Vienna hub and on the other hand to expand decentralized traffic from the federal states.
As AviationNetOnline writes, Eurowings in Vienna only serves as a "production company" for its sister company AUA. For example, Barcelona and Rome would be served with AUA flight numbers, but primarily with Eurowings devices. The on-board product should be adapted to that of Austrian Airlines, but the pilots and flight attendants come from Eurowings. According to the report, Eurowings flights starting under AUA flight numbers are no longer handled in Terminal 1, but in Terminal 3 like the AUA.
After the Niki bankruptcy, a price war broke out at Vienna Airport. The Ryanair subsidiary Laudamotion announced on Thursday that it would increase the fleet in Vienna to 16 aircraft next summer. The Irish low-cost airline is sending four Ryanair planes and crews to Vienna for this, also in a so-called "wet lease", which the union criticized as a bypassing construct to the collective agreement.
The declaration of war by Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary that Lauda will have overtaken AUA in five years was countered on Friday by AUA board member Andreas Otto: "We will remain number one at the location in five, six or ten years".
Queen's granddaughter Princess Beatrice is engaged
Beatrice, Eugenie, William and Harry: As kids, the cousins were best friends. Now the last of the four is getting married. Beatrice is engaged!
Wonderful news from the British royals: During the Italy vacation at the beginning of the month, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (34) is said to have asked for the hand of his girlfriend Princess Beatrice (31). The palace announced on Thursday.
"We're extremely excited to announce our engagement. We're both so excited to begin this adventure together and can't wait to actually be married," said the couple, who have been together since October 2018, according to UK media reports. in the official announcement.
And further: "We share so many similar interests and values and we know that this will help us a lot in the years to come full of love and happiness".
Sister Eugenie took the pictures
Her sister, Princess Eugenie (29), took the official engagement photos - and published them on her Instagram account.
A royal festival
The wedding should take place in 2020. The palace will announce more information on the date, place and everything else in the coming months.
What is certain, however, is that the marriage of the number nine in the British succession to the throne and the real estate mogul will be as big a celebration as Eugenie's wedding on October 12, 2018 to Jack Brooksbank (33).
Study of causes of heart disease
Smoking, overweight, unhealthy diet - there are risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. But what really triggers a heart failure or a heart attack? Hamburg researchers now want to take a close look at the genetic makeup of 9,000 healthy and sick people.
By analyzing the genetic make-up of 9,000 people, scientists from Hamburg and Switzerland want to track down the causes of cardiovascular diseases in more detail.
The research project is the largest of its kind in the German-speaking area, announced the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) on Friday. The Kühne Foundation is funding the project with 12.5 million euros. From Switzerland, the Davos High Mountain Clinic, which belongs to the foundation, and the University Hospital Zurich are involved.
Obesity, smoking and an unhealthy diet are among the main influenceable risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Genetic factors also determine the risk. The interaction between genes and external influences is only insufficiently known, it said. Now the scientists want to compare the complete genome of 8,000 healthy people with that of 1,000 former patients at the University Heart and Vascular Center at the UKE.
Currently, possible disease-causing changes in the DNA - so-called mutations - are known in more than 4000 of the around 20,000 relevant human genes, according to the clinic. About 200 would be added each year.
According to the initiators, the aim of the five-year project is to develop new options for prevention, detection and treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, cardiac insufficiency and heart attacks. The data could also be used to research other common diseases, says Stefan Blankenberg, head of the University Heart and Vascular Center. New insights into the interplay between heart and brain, heart and kidney as well as cancer are possible.
The chairman of the Kühne Foundation, Klaus-Michael Kühne (82), also emphasized that there is a firm will to use the data to research other diseases. The foundation's clinic in Davos has so far mainly treated allergies. Now a Center for Cardiovascular Precision Medicine and a professorship for bioinformatics are to be created on the medical campus there. To justify his commitment, the Swiss-based logistics company said that he had an open heart surgery three years ago in Hamburg and that he was very grateful.
The biosamples of the healthy participants come from Hamburgers who also take part in the "Hamburg City Health Study". With 45,000 test subjects, this is the largest local health study in the world, according to the clinic. When decoding the genome, strict attention is paid to the protection of the anonymized data, assured the scientists. It is about a petabyte (1000 terabytes) of data, said Holger Moch from the University Hospital Zurich.
According to the UKE, a person's genome can be deciphered within 24 hours today. The pure material costs for this would be 1300 euros. The first gene sequencing worldwide, the results of which were published in 2001, cost several hundred million euros. The study is scheduled to begin on October 1, and all 9,000 samples are to be analyzed by the end of 2020. The first results are expected the following year.
Nigerian police rescue hundreds of battered boys
In Nigeria, the police rescued more than 300 tortured and abused boys from a Koran school. After information from local residents, security forces searched the school in the northern Nigerian city of Kaduna and discovered the victims, some of whom were still underage, as police spokesman Yakubu Sabo announced. "The victims were ill-treated. Some of them said they were raped by their teachers," said Sabo.
The boys were held under the pretext of being taught the Koran and being "improved". In fact, the protégés were detained by their teachers under "degrading and inhuman conditions," said Sabo. About a hundred students, including children aged nine, were chained in a small room.
According to the information, the Koran school had existed for around ten years. Local residents have drawn the authorities' attention to repeated irregularities in the facility. The parents were shocked when they were informed about the conditions in the Koran school, said Sabo. They would have known nothing of the suffering of their children. The operator and six employees were arrested, according to the police.
There are many private Koran schools in the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria. They replace the often inadequate state institutions. The people of the region suffer from frequent attacks by armed gangs. According to the UN refugee agency, more than 40,000 people have fled across the border into the neighboring state of Niger in the past ten months.
Chained and tortured: Nigeria's police free 400 children from school
Police have rescued nearly 400 students from appalling conditions in a school in northern Nigeria. "Many of them were chained and some had visible injuries that suggest torture," said police spokesman Yakubu Sabo in Kaduna city.
There the children were discovered on Thursday after a tip in an Islamic school. The conditions there were "inhumane". The officers arrested the school principal and six teachers after the rescue operation.
The children, all of them boys, were kept like slaves at their school and put in chains. Some have been sexually abused. TV pictures showed emaciated and injured students in visibly poor health.
World footballer choice: Further allegations after Messi's and Klopp's freestyle
Football "signature not valid"
Jürgen Klopp, Lionel Messi and Megan Rapinoe received awards
With a gala in Milan, the world football association Fifa honors the best player, the best player and the best coach of the year. For Lionel Messi it is the sixth honor and thus a record.
After Nicaragua's captain declared that he never voted in the world footballer election, allegations came to Fifa from other countries. Egypt was not rated at all - with a curious reason.
Much at Fifa has proven to be disreputable in recent years: the World Cup awards, dubious plans of its President Gianni Infantino, the general behavior of various corrupt officials. The FIFA world footballer election has not yet come under suspicion of being unclean - if you disregard the fact that the national coaches and national team captains of the member associations who are entitled to vote often vote on the basis of sympathy rather than objective assessment.
But after Nicaragua's captain had already complained that he had not voted at all, further inconsistencies are now emerging: Egypt complains that the votes of national coach Hossam El-Badry and captain Mohamed Salah were not taken into account. In fact, they do not appear in the official and publicly available voting overview.
Fifa apologizes to the extent that "the signatures on the voting forms were in capital letters and therefore not valid". The Egyptian association was contacted several times to clarify the situation - without an answer.
Sudan's coach also puzzled
There is also an outcry from Sudan regarding the election. While the situation in the case of Egypt is understandable, the Sudanese association states that coach Zdravko Lugarisic did not vote as it was ultimately rated: with Lionel Messi in first place, Virgil van Dijk in second and Sadio Mané in third. According to Fifa, the vote was just as received, with signatures and the official stamp of the Sudanese association.
Nicaragua's captain Juan Barrera had also raised allegations: "Did not vote for the # TheBest2019 Awards. All information about my vote is wrong, thank you," he wrote. In his case, it was suspected that the Nicaraguan Football Association simply voted on his behalf.
From the association came the message on Friday: That's right, but of course it wasn't on purpose. A statement from the association said that the completed election papers were "mistakenly" signed with the name and signature of Juan Barrera, the captain of the Nicaraguan selection. But actually chose the second captain Manuel Rosas. "We take responsibility for the administrative error," said the message. Both Rosas and team coach Henry Duarte would have voted for Messi, "exactly as it is in the official FIFA list".
Fifa is now having the other cases examined in an investigation, but emphasizes that the election process was externally supervised by the consulting firm PriceWaterhouseCoopers. For the time being, Lionel Messi will remain the undisputed winner of the world footballer's choice - and Jürgen Klopp will be world coach of the year.
Ukraine affair: Senior Republicans speak out in favor of an official investigation
Two senior Republicans have openly spoken out in favor of an official investigation against the US President and party colleague Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important," said Vermont Republican governor Phil Scott. "Where this leads from here is determined by the facts that are established." He wants to know more about the whistleblower affair before action is taken. Impeachment proceedings can lead to the president being dismissed.
Scott said he wasn't surprised by the revelations. These had shown that Trump had repeatedly called Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyi in a telephone call to investigate the activities of the Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. According to Scott, Trump has been watching Biden "for years".
The Republicans have so far held back criticizing Trump over the whistleblower affair, and few have shown any unease about it. Scott's remarks are now a first sign of this in Trump's party. The moderate governor of Virginia had already spoken out against Trump's policies several times, for example against the relaxation of environmental protection regulations and the tightening of immigration regulations.
As another high-ranking Republican, Charlie Baker, Governor of Massachusetts, spoke out in favor of the investigation. "It's a deeply disturbing situation," said Baker. "The right course of action and the responsibility for Congress now is to investigate and get to the bottom of it."
As governors of US states, Scott and Baker have no formal say in the proceedings against Trump, which are being decided in Congress. Your utterances are therefore particularly important symbolically. Nevertheless, the first Republican senators have also voiced criticism of the situation. Mitt Romney, for example, who represents the state of Utah in the second chamber of parliament, said the case was "extremely disturbing, deeply disturbing". US media also report that internal cracks were opening up among the Republicans.
The affair could lead to the initiation of impeachment proceedings against Trump, the Democrats in the House of Representatives have announced an investigation into this. You accuse him of abuse of power for the purpose of exerting foreign influence for his own political gain.
There is no precise timetable for the impeachment process. With their majority in the House of Representatives, the Democrats could use what is known as impeachment. The decision on an actual impeachment would be made in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have a majority. The chances of success of such a procedure are therefore slim. So far, no US president has been removed from office through impeachment proceedings.
Were torturers aboard Rackete's Sea Watch?
Three men have been arrested in Sicily, alleged to have raped and murdered in Libyan refugee camps.
The German captain Carola Rackete (31) was arrested in June after she had illegally headed for the port of Lampedusa with the rescue ship "Sea Watch 3" and 53 Libyan refugees on board. After violent protests and international criticism - including from Austria's Federal President Alexander van der Bellen - her house arrest was lifted after a few days by an Italian judge.
Now new serious allegations against Rackete are loud. Three men accused of torture in Libyan refugee camps could have arrived in Italy with the "Sea-Watch 3". The suspects were caught in a reception center in Messina (Sicily) after migrants recognized their tormentors in Italy. "We cannot rule that out, but we have no reliable information ourselves," said "Sea Watch" spokesman Ruben Neugebauer of the German press agency.
The police said in mid-September that the suspects had raped, tortured and even murdered in the North African country. They are Mohammed C. (27) from Guinea, and the two Egyptians Hameda A. (26) and Mahmoud A (24). "The migrants were systematically harassed and subjected to atrocities - through repeated and constant physical violence," the statement said at the time.
NGOs and aid organizations are now pointing out that they cannot know exactly who is coming on the ships. "We can't scan who the people are. They come without passports," said Neugebauer. Torture is one of the main reasons people are fleeing Libya. It is therefore quite likely that there are perpetrators on the ships. "It is therefore very important that this is followed up".
Italy's right-wing ex-interior minister Matteo Salvini asked Rackete, who is still being investigated in Italy for aiding and abetting illegal immigration, an immediate apology.
Musk is aiming for a delivery record at Tesla
Tesla boss Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers.
"We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries," wrote Musk in an email to Tesla employees published by the industry blog "Electrek".
The demand is strong, so that Tesla could book 110,000 orders, it said in Musk's circular. The challenge is to get the cars to customers quickly. To do this, Tesla must mobilize as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked that: Tesla's shares went out of trading with a plus of over six percent. The price has not risen that much in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered a good 95,000 cars and thus reached its previous record.
Musk needs records to achieve his lofty goals. In 2019 he plans to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this, six-digit numbers must be produced in the current and coming quarter. Above all, the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but the profit margins are low here. Despite the boom, there have recently been losses.
US budget dispute: again only bridge financing
The new fiscal year in the US will start on October 1st without a proper budget. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and approved interim funding until November 21.
Although the American Congress and President Donald Trump agreed in August to increase the spending ceilings for the budget years 2020 and 2021, the United States is once again without spending plans before the new fiscal year that begins on October 1. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and approved a Continuing Resolution (CR) until November 21. Without such a decision, there would have been a shutdown at midnight on Monday, a partial closure of the federal administration. President Trump has yet to put the resolution into effect.
Shutdown averted
For the time being, the federal administration will be financed at the level and in accordance with the priorities of the spending plans for the 2019 budget year ending on Monday. This is because Congress was unable to agree in time on the 12 spending laws that allocate the funds to the various departments and agencies. The federal administration can therefore initially not benefit from the 1.3 trillion for the new budget year. to 1.4 trillion Benefit from the extended spending framework.
The Democrats have completed ten of the twelve laws in the House of Representatives, where they have a majority. The spending laws, however, reflect priorities of the Democrats, who have little chance in the Senate, which is dominated by the Republicans. Conversely, the Senate also has ten of the twelve spending plans more or less ready, which are hardly eligible for a majority.
Opinions differ mainly on the issue of resource allocation for domestic security and border security. In the Senate, the Republicans are apparently trying to force $ 12 billion to build the wall, one of President Trump's major priorities. The Democrats are bothered by the wall construction plans and their financing, which is actually intended for other military buildings and projects. The dispute over the construction of the wall had already escalated in December 2018 and had led to a 35-day shutdown.
Opinions differ about the construction of the wall
It is currently unclear how the parties intend to come closer on this issue. More likely than an agreement on all twelve spending laws in the next seven weeks is an extension of the transition funding beyond November 21. A shutdown cannot be ruled out.
With the ongoing inability of Congress to agree on the twelve spending laws in a timely manner, and the associated risk of a shutdown, ideas to automate the process are growing in popularity. Submission p. 1877 to avoid shutdowns would automatically continue the funding of the federal administration at the previous year's level, prevent parliamentarians from traveling and withhold their wages until the new annual spending plans were in place.
France allows artificial insemination for lesbians and singles
In France, artificial insemination will in future also be open to women and lesbians living alone: The Paris National Assembly voted with a large majority for a government bill that would allow all women to use in vitro fertilization. This should increase the demand for anonymous sperm donation significantly.
The submission still requires the approval of the Senate. In the three-day emotional debate, right-wing critics warned that many "children without a father" could grow up in the future. The French Bishops' Conference is also against the innovation.
The new regulation is the core component of a bioethics law, which Health Minister Agnès Buzyn defended as an "opportunity" for society. It depicts the modern family, in which there are children with only one parent or with homosexual parents. According to her, the cost of artificial insemination for all women should be covered by social security.
Fertilization with semen from dead husband further prohibited
By a narrow majority, however, the National Assembly rejected an amendment that would give widows access to their dead husband's sperm for artificial insemination. In Belgium, Spain and Great Britain, artificial insemination "post-mortem" is allowed. In Germany there have been cases in the past in which women sued in vain for the surrender of the sperm of a deceased person. The opponents of the advance in Paris argued that a child conceived in this way would then face a "particularly difficult fate".
Numerous MPs from President Emmanuel Macron's ruling party La République en Marche (The Republic on the Move, LREM) and members of the opposition had spoken out in favor of artificial insemination with the sperm of the deceased partner. They stressed that a widow would be subjected to "double grief" if her husband's death also left her wish for children unfulfilled.
The initiators of the now failed amendment think it is unjust that a widow can be fertilized with the sperm of a stranger, but not with that of her own partner.
So far, in France, artificial insemination has only been allowed to heterosexual couples who cannot father children. You must be married or have lived together for at least two years. Buzyn had already announced in the summer that surrogacy would continue to be banned.
In Germany, artificial insemination is theoretically open to all women - but it is often difficult for single people or lesbian couples.
Compensation for the climate: calls for flight tax for universities are getting louder
There is a lot of flying at universities. That is why the country wants to have a climate tax paid there in the future. The rectors say they have no money for it. But now they are also coming under pressure internally.
The universities should also limit themselves to flying. Photo: dpa / Julian Stratenschulte
The discussion about a climate tax on flights from universities and colleges, which was postponed before the summer break, is gaining momentum again. After the state rectors' conference reacted skeptically to a corresponding initiative from the green-black coalition, the plans are now receiving support from the universities. In a joint declaration, the doctoral students from six universities in Baden-Württemberg and a university of education advocate compensation for business flights. This is "urgently necessary" as a first step, at the same time there must be a broad debate about the avoidability of flights, according to their statement. The cabinet resolution originally planned in July is now on hold because the CDU has still not approved the Green's proposal.
Russia arrests North Korean fishermen again
According to the FSB, the arrested persons are said to have fished illegally in Russian waters. Ten days earlier, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. At that time there was an exchange of fire between the border guards and the boat crew. Three Russians and a North Korean were injured, and the fisherman later succumbed to his serious injuries. This time there were no injuries, it said.
Communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages. The North Korean fishermen were therefore in Russian territorial waters. According to its own statements, the Russian Coast Guard patrols there to protect its marine biological resources.
30,000 squids confiscated
During the renewed controls, 30,000 squids were discovered on the boats and confiscated. In addition, according to the information, three fishing boats and two motor boats were confiscated and taken to Nakhodka and Posjet near Vladivostok.
Russia's fisheries authority had not issued any fishing licenses to the North Koreans this year, even after complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have already been temporarily arrested there this year.
The head of the Association of Russian Fishing Companies in the Far Eastern Primorye Region, Georgi Martynov, recently complained about the high ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They fished with close-meshed synthetic nets that were banned in Russia. With these small creatures would also be taken out of the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where they would take 200 years to decompose.
In future only 18,000: USA lower the upper limit for asylum
The "Most Generous Nation in History": Donald Trump, here at a meeting with elected police officers in the White House.
The richest country in the world seals itself off from those seeking protection: As the State Department in Washington confirms, the upper limit for the legal influx of refugees will be further reduced. In future, threatened believers and Iraqis in particular are to be given asylum.
The US government wants to lower the already historically low limit for the admission of new refugees again. In the 2020 fiscal year, which runs from October 2019 to September 2020 in the United States, a maximum of 18,000 people will be allowed into the country, according to the US State Department. In the financial year that is now almost over, the limit is still 30,000 people.
The administration of President Donald Trump has drastically reduced the willingness to accept refugees from all over the world in recent years. Much higher admission limits had applied under the previous administration of Barack Obama.
The target limit of 18,000 refugees would be the lowest since the introduction of the US refugee program in 1980. The State Department nevertheless described the US as "the most compassionate and generous nation in history", a phrase that is strongly reminiscent of the language used by the incumbent US president .
A "responsible handling" of refugees aims to ensure that the refugees can return to their home countries to help with the reconstruction there, explained Trump. He received a lot of support from supporters for his tough course in migration policy, but there was also massive criticism.
A major point of contention is the border with Mexico, which Trump wants to seal off. In order to finance the construction of a border wall, Trump had declared a national emergency. It is unclear whether there is a temporal connection between the current measure and the current domestic political developments in the US capital. Trump is currently under pressure because of the Zelensky affair and a possible impending impeachment process.
According to the Foreign Office, the US government intends to focus on accepting two groups of refugees in the future: people who are persecuted for their beliefs - and Iraqis who have helped the US military in the country and are endangered as a result emerges from the declaration of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. On the other hand, a maximum of 1,500 refugees should be accepted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
The USA wants to ensure that people from this "northern triangle" in Central America in particular apply for asylum in other countries. Against this background, the United States signed migration agreements first with Guatemala and now also with El Salvador and Honduras in order to curb immigration on the US southern border with Mexico.
Court orders release of orangutan from zoo
At the request of the Argentine judiciary, a female orangutan has been moved from the former Buenos Aires Zoo to a sanctuary for great apes in the USA. "Sandra", born in Rostock Zoo in 1986, was granted the rights of a "non-human person", so her release is imperative. The animal was brought to Dallas by direct flight on Thursday evening - but not as a passenger, but in the hold, as lawyer Andrés Gil Domínguez explained.
Since the 53 kilogram ape is unable to adapt to life in the wild, she is to live in the outdoor enclosure of the Center for Great Apes in Florida. There are already 21 other orangutans and 31 chimpanzees, including "Bubbles", the former pet of pop star Michael Jackson. Before moving to Florida, however, "Sandra" has to go through a 40-day quarantine at Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita, Kansas.
After her birth in Rostock, "Sandra" spent a few years in the former Ruhr Zoo in Gelsenkirchen before she was relocated to Buenos Aires in 1995. The process initiated by animal rights activists in 2014 for "Sandras" basic rights has contributed to the conversion of the Buenos Aires Zoo into an ecological park. A research and educational facility to preserve biodiversity is to be built there by 2023.
Record for Swiss extreme mountaineers: 550 meters in 46 minutes
Extreme mountaineer Dani Arnold succeeded in a new hussar ride on the almost 3000 meter high Großer Zinne in the Italian Alps.
Without a net, a false floor or other aids, the Swiss man conquered the 550 meter high north face of the Große Zinne in a new record time.
Dressed in jeans and a T-shirt and only supported by a head for heights, Arnold needed 46 minutes and 30 seconds for the ascent. He undercut the old record by almost 19 minutes.
Arnold is now the record holder in free solo speed on four of the six most important European north faces.
Nike benefits from new online marketing strategy
The US sporting goods manufacturer Nike posted a significant profit increase regardless of the trade conflict with China. The net profit rose in the past quarter to 1.4 billion dollars (just under 1.3 billion euros). That is 25 percent more than in the same period last year, as the group announced on Tuesday. The main reason for this is the new "Nike Direct" marketing strategy, with which the Adidas competitor addresses its customers directly online.
Sales rose to $ 10.7 billion for the three month period ended August. The strongest growth in Nike sales was in China, with an increase of 22 percent. The company from Beaverton in the US state of Oregon also benefited in the People's Republic from its approach of addressing consumers directly via the Internet or smartphone apps.
CFO Andy Campion announced that Nike would use strategic investments to further advance the "digital transformation" of the sporting goods manufacturer and thus expand its competitive advantage. Investors reacted happily to the quarterly figures - the shares of the sporting goods manufacturer rose by more than five percent.
Lifelong stadium ban due to racism in Italy
Because of racist comments about professional soccer player Juan Jesus from AS Roma, the club from the Italian capital has imposed a life-long stadium ban on a fan. The Brazilian defender Jesus was abused by the fan on Instagram. Jesus then published the private news and told his club to take action. "@officialasroma You already know what to do with such a fan. #NoToRacism. Proud to be who I am," wrote the 28-year-old, who has been with AS Roma since 2016.
The club responded late Thursday. He reported the fan account on Instagram and the police. In addition, the Roma supporter should never again attend a game of the club, wrote the club on Twitter.
Racism is a problem in Italian football. Italian fans regularly chant racist abuse against black players from rival teams. "We cannot have racism in society or in sport. In Italy the situation has not improved, and that is very serious. You have to identify those responsible and throw them out of the stadiums," said FIFA President Gianni Infantino at the weekend. The reason for the statement was racist chants in the first division game between Atalanta Bergamo and Fiorentina last Sunday.
But there had also recently been discussions about the supporters of Juventus Turin. The Italian authorities have now banned 38 rioting fans of record champions Juventus Turin. Four of them are not allowed to enter the stadium for a period of ten years, the police said. For the rest, bans of four to seven years apply.
The fans are connected to an ongoing investigation against twelve leaders of ultra fan groups in the vicinity of Juventus. The twelve are accused of, among other things, severe extortion, money laundering and private violence. The club started the investigation with a complaint last year.
According to Italian media reports, the ultra leaders are behind the black market in tickets. They "militarily controlled" the ticket trade for the fan curve and are said to have blackmailed Juventus employees in order to get cheaper tickets.
Generation Z: Are they really different from Generation Y?
Millennials are narcissistic, Generation Z is political - whole age groups are given catchy names. If you take a closer look, the awards are full of contradictions. So how well do these labels describe the lifestyle of young people?
"The crabs are coming!" With this call, crab hunting officially started on Gucheng Lake in Gaochun on September 21, which also heralded the opening event of the 19th China Gaochun Gucheng Lake Crab Festival, as announced by the Public Relations Department of the Nanjing-Gaochun District Committee.
Gaochun, which forms the southern foothills of Nanjing in Jiangsu Province, is one of the national environmental zones. The city is the first international "Slow City" in China and the Chinese headquarters of the international "Slow City" movement is also located here. From an ecological point of view, the city has ideal conditions with a mixture of "30 percent mountains, 20 percent water and 50 percent fields". The great natural environment of Gaochun provides all the conditions for its residents to get rich.
The people of Gaochun started raising crabs in the early 1990s. Over time, the crab industry has become a formative industry that generated high incomes and became an important part of the economic development of Gaochun. In recent years, Gaochun has actively sought large-scale, ecological and scientific development of crab farming as well as technology-based crab farming. And the city has been concerned with promoting greater efficiency in agriculture and the incomes of farmers.
In recent years, Gaochun has advanced a reform of "distribution of power, optimization of administration and government services", and carefully the service network for "permits under one roof, a law enforcement team, a network for services, a platform for lending "built up. In doing so, the city wants to comprehensively optimize the environment for permits, services and development.
Gaochun takes full advantage of the local advantages through the connection to southern Jiangsu and southern Anhui and uses the development zone and its position as an international "Slow City" as a figurehead to establish intelligent high-end production companies, companies for biomedical and medical technology , for energy storage and environmental protection, from the culture and health industry as well as companies for ecological agriculture, which are leaders in the "3 + 2" area, to settle here. At the same time, Gaochun has promoted the development of a national, all-area tourism zone and tourist resorts of national importance. Here, the ecological and cultural resources of the Gaochun landscape were integrated, the condition of the buildings for civil and public services was comprehensively improved, the areas of "Tourism +" and "+ Tourism" were vigorously developed and the development of cultural tourism at a high quality level was advanced. It is worth looking forward to the future of Gaochun.
Conflict between Iran and the USA: Ruhani speaks of the end of the sanctions - Trump objects
After his return from the UN General Assembly, Iranian President Hassan Ruhani spoke of an alleged offer by the US to lift sanctions. In return for talks with the Tehran leadership, the United States had promised an end to all sanctions, Ruhani said on his official website.
US President Donald Trump, however, contradicted the Iranian counterpart on Twitter: "Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on it so that there could be a meeting. I said, of course, no".
Ruhani describes the event as follows: Chancellor Angela Merkel, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French President Emmanuel Macron were present in New York and had insisted that a meeting take place. "And America says I am lifting the sanctions," added Ruhani. The type of punitive measures that should be ended was up for debate. "And they clearly said we would lift all sanctions".
However, this advance was not made in an acceptable way, criticized Ruhani. In view of the punitive measures in force and "the poisoned atmosphere of maximum pressure", nobody can predict the outcome of negotiations.
At the beginning of the week Chancellor Angela Merkel met with Ruhani in New York. The background was the Europeans' hope to save the nuclear deal negotiated with Russia and China with Iran. This is supposed to prevent the Islamic Republic from developing nuclear weapons. French President Emmanuel Macron, like Merkel, expressed the hope on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly that Ruhani would meet with US President Donald Trump.
Severe earthquake near Istanbul - almost 200 aftershocks
After western Turkey was shaken by two earthquakes within a very short time, fears of a catastrophe are growing. 34 people were injured in the earthquake on Tuesday. Turkey's Vice President Fuat Oktay said on Friday there have been almost 200 aftershocks since the quake the previous day. This increases the fear of a disaster.
14 schools in Istanbul have been closed for security reasons. Hundreds of buildings were damaged. The 5.8 magnitude earthquake shook the Marmara region off Istanbul on Thursday and triggered panic in the metropolis. Now the government wants to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the future, Oktay announced.
Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu said Turkey has not been adequately prepared for quakes in the past 20 years. In the city itself, the latent danger is repeatedly ignored. Every year poorly built apartment buildings collapse - among other things, they are worn down by the many smaller earthquakes that regularly shake Istanbul.
Urban planners such as the well-known architect Mücella Yapici have been warning for years that large open areas that were entered in the center as places of refuge have long since been built up. Only on the 20th anniversary of the Gölcük quake in August did the Istanbul Chamber of Civil Engineers warn that an estimated one million buildings in Istanbul were not earthquake-proof.
The epicenter of Thursday's quake was in the Sea of Marmara in front of the Silivri district and at a depth of around seven kilometers, as the disaster control agency Afad announced. A minor aftershock a few minutes later caused even greater panic on the streets.
Istanbul Mayor Ekrem Imamoglu announced on Twitter that injuries or damage had initially not been reported. The state broadcaster TRT showed people running out of their homes in a panic. Students in the Silivri district were taken out of the buildings for security reasons. Some students were crying as shown in pictures.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly prone to earthquakes. Under the Sea of Marmara lies a section of the so-called North Anatolian Fault, which marks the border between the Eurasian and Anatolian tectonic plates. Turkey is repeatedly shaken by earthquakes. One of the deadliest was the 1999 quake near Istanbul. More than 17,000 people were killed at the time.
Researchers fear an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.1 to 7.4 could threaten. But when the earthquake will occur is unclear. The earthquake on Thursday hit the west of the country and Istanbul again.
Companies draw up emergency plans, private individuals have so-called go-bags packed with everything they need standing next to front doors, and schools teach children how to behave when the earth shakes. When the next big quake will come is unclear.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said after his return from New York that eight people were injured. Some buildings would have suffered slight damage. Istanbul Mayor Ekrem Imamoglu followed developments from the Istanbul Disaster Coordination Center (Akom). According to him, two mosque minarets collapsed in the Avcilar and Sariyer districts.
Warning of aftershocks in Istanbul
Many users report panic on social networks. Buildings wobbled. Schools and hospitals have been evacuated. Telephone lines were broken. It was more violent than Tuesday, writes a user. The head of the Turkish Red Crescent, Kerem Klinik, warned of aftershocks via Twitter. He called on people to stay away from buildings that were visibly damaged.
According to official information, the time of the quake is given as 1:59 p.m. (local time). Just minutes after the first quake, there was an aftershock, according to CNN Turkey, which was rated at 4.0 on the Richter scale.
It was only on Tuesday that an earthquake with a magnitude of 4.6 shook the Turkish Marmara region - it could be felt as far as Istanbul. The disaster control agency Afad announced on Tuesday that its epicenter was also located in the Sea of Marmara west of the metropolis.
It wasn't the only earthquake to hit the headlines this Tuesday: Pakistan was also hit by a major earthquake.
Researchers assume that sooner or later there could be a catastrophic earthquake in Istanbul - the tension between the tectonic plates is extremely high. Scientists believe that it will eventually discharge - and cause massive damage.
Earthquake researcher Sükrü Ersoy reckons that the earthquake is now an advance warning. This made it more likely, he told CNN Türk. "These could be the signs of a major earthquake," said Ersoy to the broadcaster. "Sooner or later the great earthquake will come".
There had already been an incident a few weeks ago - the quake also caused great concern in Istanbul. In Albania there was also a violent earthquake just a few days ago - 68 people were injured. This year the earth also shook at Lake Constance.
Parliament: New explosive in the Ukraine affair
Two explosive documents are fueling the Ukraine affair over possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump. On the way to a possible impeachment procedure, the US Democrats see themselves strengthened: The complaint filed by an anonymous whistleblower about Trump and his controversial phone call with the Ukrainian president contain important clues for investigations against the president. Trump sees himself once more as a victim of a "witch hunt". He also questioned the whistleblower's credibility.
USA: United Airlines passenger locked in toilet - aircraft diverted
A United Airlines flight was rerouted because a passenger was locked in the board toilet. The toilet door was blocked during flight 1554 from Washington to San Francisco, the airline said, according to the US media.
With an unscheduled stopover on Wednesday evening (local time) in Denver, the woman was finally released from the cramped cabin. She was locked in it for about an hour, US media wrote, citing other passengers. For the onward flight to San Francisco, the passengers had to change machines.
In a video circulated on the Internet, which according to US media is believed to have come from Flight 1554, several people try to free the woman. "We're working on opening the door at the moment, ma'am. We'll get you out soon, okay?" Says a man in it. The airline apologized to all passengers. It was initially unclear whether the woman would receive compensation.
The Cockroach: Inspired by Kafka: Ian McEwan writes Brexit novel
How does a writer like Ian McEwan deal with the whole Brexit chaos? He's writing a book about it - and its protagonist is unmistakable.
Inspired by Franz Kafka's famous story "The Metamorphosis", the successful British author Ian McEwan (71) has written a book about the Brexit chaos in Great Britain.
The novel "Die Kakerlake" (Original: "The Cockroach") will be published in German on November 27th, announced the Diogenes Verlag (Zurich). It is about the transformation of a man named "Jim Sams", who was ignored or hated in his previous life, but is now suddenly the most powerful man in Great Britain. He sees it as his mission to put the will of the people into practice and is determined not to let anyone or anything stop him.
McEwan was quoted as saying: "If parliament is closed so that the government cannot be challenged at a critical moment, if ministers lie shamelessly like the Soviet leaders once did, if high-ranking Brexiteers beg for the catastrophe of a no-deal - then a writer has to wonder what he can do. There is only one answer: write ". McEwan's novel "Machines like me" about artificial intelligence was only published in the spring.
Kafka's story, first published in 1915, is about Gregor Samsa, who wakes up one morning and sees himself "transformed into a monstrous vermin", gradually being excluded from family and society and ultimately perishing. "Ian McEwan bows to Kafka to describe a world that is upside down," said Diogenes Verlag.
EU invests 9.5 million euros in Austria's rail infrastructure
11,200 wagons in Austria and Hungary are fitted with whisper brakes to reduce noise pollution from freight trains. In addition, sections of the rail connections between Graz and Györ and Wiener Neustadt and Sopron will be modernized and electrified.
According to the EU authorities, this should make traveling more comfortable and reduce CO2 emissions. The funds come from the EU's "Connecting Europe Facility" infrastructure.
Thomas Cook: All trips canceled until October 31st
The German tour operator Thomas Cook canceled all trips up to and including October 31, 2019 one day after filing for bankruptcy. The company announced on Thursday evening that trips could "not be started due to bankruptcy law reasons."
This also affects bookings for the brands Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Signature Finest Selection, Neckermann Reisen, ÖGER TOURS, Bucher Reisen and Air Marin, which have already been paid for in full or in full. The company left it open as to travel starting November 1, 2019. In coordination with the insolvency insurance, the further procedure will be examined, it said.
Thomas Cook in Germany was sucked into the bankruptcy of the British parent company and filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday. The company, which includes Neckermann Reisen, Öger Tours and Bucher Reisen, employs around 2000 people in Germany.
Insurer wants to transfer money to hotels again immediately
On the other hand, hotels abroad that are currently still accommodating Thomas Cook holidaymakers will receive money from Zurich insurance from this Friday. According to Zurich, payments to the hotels are subject to the condition that vacationers are no longer asked to make extra payments.
On the basis of the booking information and without submitting separate invoices, the hotels in the holiday resorts should now receive 50 percent of the outstanding payments, as a Zurich spokesman for the German press agency said. "This applies immediately and provided that Thomas Cook travelers from these hotels are not prompted to pay individual hotel bills or otherwise compelled," said spokesman Bernd Engelien.
The insurance responded to reports from hotel guests who said they had been forced to pay for their accommodations on site themselves. Some had to put more than 1000 euros on the table. The German Travel Association (DRV) and the Federal Association of Consumer Organizations had sharply criticized this.
How many hotels are affected will be agreed with the insolvent travel provider on Friday, said the insurance spokesman. According to information from Thursday, there were still 70,000 Thomas Cook package holidaymakers from Germany. Zurich Germany has secured vacation and return journeys for Thomas Cook customers.
Insolvency administrators want to try to continue the three Thomas Cook companies in Germany and to find a future solution.
However, the payments to hotels that have now been announced by Zurich Insurance only help travelers who are currently still on the road. It looks bad for Thomas Cook customers who still want to fly on vacation. Late on Thursday evening, the company announced that all trips up to and including October 31 would be canceled. This also applies to bookings that have already been paid for.
The company left it open as to travel starting November 1, 2019. In coordination with the insolvency insurance, the further procedure will be examined, it said. In principle, Zurich Insurance is also responsible for these cases. Sales of new trips have stopped. dpa
The company refers to the insurer Zurich, which is represented by the company Kaera. Customers could use the Kaera website to find out about options for reimbursing the travel price and to submit their claims using a web form.
Prince Harry destroys a demolition mine in Angola
Prince Harry has been continuing Lady Diana's engagement for a long time. In Africa he is now following in the footsteps of his mother.
Dressed in a blue splinter vest, the British Prince Harry detonated and destroyed a demolition mine in Angola.
On Friday morning he set up the ignition circuit in front of the running TV cameras near a camp run by the British Halo Trust near Dirico. At a safe distance, the explosive device exploded in the savannah landscape without causing any damage. Although the Halo Trust alone destroyed more than 100,000 relics of the decades-long bloody conflict in the African country, there are still more than 1,000 minefields that threaten the population.
On the fifth day of his trip to Africa, Harry wanted to follow in the footsteps of his mother Diana (1961-1997) in the city of Huambo. With the same demolition expert who once accompanied his mother, he wanted to cover the route that she was then going. The pictures of Princess Diana walking through a cleared minefield in 1997 had gone around the world. She too had demonstrated support for the Halo Trust.
Harry (35) and his wife Meghan (38) have been on a ten-day trip to Africa since Monday, which began in the South African tourist metropolis of Cape Town.
Faltering Brexit negotiations: The risk of a no-deal remains acute
Actually, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had made a clear commitment: With him there will definitely not be a third postponement of the Brexit negotiations. But which statements are eternal with the polarizing British. The latest ruling by the Supreme Court in Great Britain hangs like a sword of Damocles over the blond. His suspension of parliament in order to be able to stubbornly carry out his Brexit course until the exit date was canceled earlier this week. And a law passed by parliament obliges Johnson to extend the bilateral talks until October 31 if negotiations with the EU fail. However, Johnson had repeatedly ruled out that.
Boris Johnson thinks the deal is still possible
But the pressure does not seem to go past Johnson noticeably. Meanwhile, while visiting a hospital, he made hints that in the event of a disagreement, he would support an extension of the negotiations until the end of October:
You know, we'll obey the law.
At the same time, we are confident that we will leave the EU on October 31st.
And preferably with a deal. I am cautiously optimistic that it will work.
And the Brexit negotiators in Brussels are slowly running out of time. The EU and the British negotiators still have around six weeks to prevent Great Britain from leaving the European Union without an agreement. But even the most recent talks did not achieve a breakthrough. An agreement by the end of October currently seems rather difficult to imagine. If the UK Prime Minister does not break the law, another postponement of the exit date is in force. The opposition does not trust the Prime Minister's words. She fears that Johnson could somehow enforce Brexit in the event of a no-deal.
US agency: More deaths from e-cigarettes
The number of deaths related to e-cigarette use in the United States has risen to twelve. In addition, there are now 805 confirmed and probable injuries in this context, said the US health authority CDC. According to a study in the "New England Journal of Medicine", there have already been more than 900 affected people, around 500 of which have been confirmed. The cause of the lung damage is still completely unclear. No similar increase in lung damage is known in Europe. The complaints appear to be limited to users in the United States.
Fear of new protests in Egypt is growing
Mohammed Ali's videos have been shared millions of times in online networks. The building contractor and actor living in Spain calls for a "people's revolution". Today, Friday, he has called for further protests against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and the Egyptian military, which critics accuse of corruption and mismanagement. Ali is hoping for mass rallies with a million participants in central places in the country.
In any case, the security authorities are alarmed. An increased police presence could already be observed in the center of Cairo. Several metro stations remained closed and streets around central Tahrir Square were blocked. In the past few days, the police had stepped up their roadside checks and some of the cell phones of pedestrians were searched for messages and photos relating to the protests.
On September 20, the demonstrators also gathered around Tahrir Square.
Last weekend there were protests with hundreds of participants in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura. There had not been such an open protest in Egypt for years. The security forces reacted correspondingly harshly. According to the human rights organization Human Rights Watch (HRW), almost 2,000 people have been arrested since last week. Many of them were arbitrarily arrested - just because they were "in the wrong place at the wrong time," said HRW, citing lawyers.
The organization also criticized the censorship in the North African country. Accordingly, the government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services in order to prevent further protests against al-Sisi. The general has been ruling the country since 2013 after overthrowing the democratically elected Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. Thousands of Islamists, government opponents, bloggers and activists have been imprisoned in recent years and some have been sentenced.
"Ocean Change": Arved Fuchs returns from Greenland expedition
The polar explorer Arved Fuchs returned from his Greenland expedition on Friday. When he arrived in the port of Hamburg, he was greeted by the skipper Boris Herrmann, who brought climate activist Greta Thunberg across the Atlantic with the racing yacht "Malizia".
Together with a team of scientists, Fuchs had investigated and documented the effects of global warming on his sailing ship "Dagmar Aaen" on the coasts of Iceland and Greenland over the past few months.
The Fridays for Future movement is a blessing, said the polar explorer. He had waited for years for the young generation to speak up. It has been known for decades that the earth is warming. Even so, many acted as if there was a planet B.
"What happens at sea often takes place behind closed doors," said Fuchs. He and his team wanted to educate people about the effects of global warming and the littering of the seas. During the expedition, among other things, Greenland glacier ice was measured with a drone and fished for microplastics with nets, it said.
The polar researcher from Bad Bramstedt was honored with the "Seadevcon Maritime Award" for his "struggle for sustainable and respectful use of the world's oceans". "For all of us who care about the survival of the oceans, Arved Fuchs is a great role model," said skipper Boris Herrmann at the award ceremony. "He is a witness to the changes that have taken place in the Arctic over the past few decades."
Expensive spaghetti in Rome: tourists paid 430 euros for pasta
430 euros for two plates of spaghetti with fish in a simple restaurant not far from Castel Sant'Angelo in Rome: That seemed too much for two Japanese tourists. The bill with a tip of 80 euros included was paid by the two women, but they posted the receipt on Facebook, which triggered heated reactions.
"Such cases damage Rome's reputation. We ask the police to investigate whether this is a fraud," said a spokesman for Federagit, the association of travel guides in Rome, according to the Roman daily Il Messaggero (Friday edition).
The owner of the restaurant reacted promptly. The Japanese women not only ordered spaghetti, but also fresh fish, the restaurant owner justified himself. However, this cannot be taken from the invoice. A tip of up to 20 percent of the bill is also normal, said the innkeeper.
One phone call in Ukraine and everything is broken? US President Donald Trump could actually face impeachment proceedings after the turbulent revelations of the past few days, the Democrats now want to examine this as soon as possible with their investigation in the House of Representatives - there are talk of weeks before a decision would be made.
At the beginning of the scandal was supposedly a phone call with the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj. The accusation of the whistleblower, who ultimately brought the conversation to the public out of concern for national security and for the democracy of the USA with his complaint, is monstrous: the president abused the power of his office to defeat the government of another country for one Instrumentalizing influence on the 2020 election. He had exploited Ukraine's dependency in an extortionate manner and wanted to force it to take action against a political opponent.
The core of this plan can also be seen in the transcript of the conversation with Zelenskyi, which has since been published, although it does not reproduce the full wording. The July 25 phone call is only one episode in a much larger story, in the center of which, in addition to Trump, is above all his personal lawyer: Rudy Giuliani.
From the public's point of view, the story began in May 2019 when the New York Times reported on Rudy Giuliani's travel plans to Ukraine. He wants to meet with the newly elected President Zelenskyi in Kiev, and the lawyer himself knows very well that his intentions are delicate. "We do not interfere in an election, we interfere in an investigation that we have the right to do," he told the newspaper. You might think it's inappropriate, but "there's nothing illegal about it". Giuliani wants investigations to be pursued in Ukraine for which there is little basis - "because this information will be very, very helpful to my client and could turn out to be helpful to my government".
The lawyer and former New York mayor seems to have been infected with right-wing conspiracy fantasies that are fixated on Trump's rival candidate in the 2016 election: Hillary Clinton had conspired with actors in Ukraine, critics said at the time, to give rise to the investigation into Russia the USA to construct. However, this accusation was never to be taken seriously.
This is exactly the investigation that Trump will talk about so prominently on the phone with Zelenskyi in July. The version of Giuliani and the President is: The former Vice President and currently promising candidate for the presidential candidacy of the Democrats, Joe Biden, as Ukraine representative of the Obama administration, urged the dismissal of the then Ukrainian Attorney General Viktor Schokin. In order to stop the investigation he was responsible for of the gas company on whose supervisory board his son Hunter Biden was active. Biden senior had blackmailed Ukraine financially in order to cover up the corrupt machinations of his family.
In fact, the process was a little different. By the time Joe Biden demanded that the Ukrainian attorney general leave, the investigation into the gas company was already over, Hunter Biden was never directly affected. Schokin was also accused of deeply corrupt behavior; the US government was by no means the only Western partner who pushed for his dismissal. Incidentally, the Obama administration even expressly supported the investigation into the company.
Problems with Instagram Facebook and Whatsapp: Social media are down
Users worldwide report massive disruptions on Instagram and Facebook. Accordingly, Germany, Great Britain and Spain are particularly affected. On the website allestören.de users report that Facebook has repeatedly not loaded since around 3:30 p.m. Instagram also outputs the error message that content could not be loaded. Whatsapp also seems to be affected by the disruption, although not to the same extent so far.
Instagram and Co. more often affected by disruptions
It is not the first massive incident this year. The services were down for several hours in March and July. And as in previous cases, this time users mainly resort to Twitter to vent their anger.
Polish scientists rescued in Antarctica
Three Polish scientists have been rescued from the ice of the Antarctic by the Chilean Air Force. They were traveling in a rubber dinghy and several miles from their base when their engine failed. They were lucky in the accident - the Chilean rescue helicopter needed less than an hour for the rescue.
Eduardo Mosquera, Commander of the 4th Chilean Air Brigade:
"At 9:30 am we received the message, we started shortly before ten and a good 20 minutes later we were over the rubber dinghy".
Poland has operated the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station on King George Island since 1977, and 19 scientists work there. The frozen researchers were safely brought back to their research station.
Warning: NEVER charge your smartphone wirelessly
Practical but harmful
Inductive technology via the Qi standard is extremely practical, but should not be used.
Since several new smartphones have recently come onto the market that support wireless charging and are selling very well - above all the new iPhone 11 models, we would like to recall a study from the beginning of July. Wireless charging of mobile devices is extremely useful, but not necessarily recommended.
The battery is damaged by higher temperatures
Researchers warn against wireless charging of smartphones. According to the findings of the University of Warwick, this is extremely harmful to the devices. The reason for this is the significantly greater heat development. If you charge a cell phone normally by cable, the battery heats up to 27 degrees within three hours. With wireless charging, however, the researchers always measured over 30 degrees, even with the smartphone perfectly aligned on the charging pad. If the cell phone lies a little next to the coil, the temperature will rise even higher. In addition, the wattage of the charging pad also increases, which in turn increases power consumption.
Capacity and lifetime
According to the researchers, temperature is a crucial factor for the durability of batteries. Every single degree plays a role. When charging at higher temperatures, the battery not only loses its capacity, it also doesn't last as long overall. The service life is therefore shorter. The researchers therefore advise you to always charge your smartphone by cable. Since replacing the battery in modern smartphones is always associated with high costs, this should be a helpful tip. Apple recently even increased the cost of replacing the battery once again - for all iPhones.
Practically
The technology is extremely convenient: Simply place the device on a suitable charging pad - these are already installed in many restaurants, airports, hotels and cars - and the battery is charged without the hassle of tangled cables and tedious plug-in fiddling. Since Qi (stands for inductive energy transfer) is a global standard that Apple is exceptionally involved in, there are hardly any restrictions. Nevertheless, according to the researchers, the technology should only be used in exceptional cases.
Everest traffic jam photographer: 13 eight-thousanders in six months
A Nepalese mountaineer claims to have climbed 13 of the 14 highest mountains in the world within just six months. His expedition organizer announced that Nirmal Purja (36) had reached the top of Manaslu in Nepal and thus set a record.
The former soldier wants to climb all 14 eight-thousanders in seven months. Purja calls his project "Mission Possible". He has made international headlines once before: He took a photo of mountaineers queuing on Mount Everest that went viral in spring.
The image of the crowd sparked a debate about stronger security measures on the 8,848 meter high mountain and highest peak on earth. In May, eleven climbers died on the ascent within a few days.
Climbing the 14th eight-thousander could be a problem for Purja: Chinese authorities are currently blocking the Xixabangma mountain in Tibet. One of the reasons given is bad weather. At the beginning of the week, Purja wrote on Twitter that Nepal's government wanted to speak to China to enable it to advance.
Four dead elephants discovered in Sri Lanka
A police spokesman announced on Friday that there was also a pregnant elephant among the dead animals. "We suspect that the elephants were poisoned".
The four carcasses were found in a sanctuary near the famous Sigiriya rock fortress, which was visited by many tourists. According to the police spokesman, the animals were probably between 15 and 25 years old. An autopsy was ordered to determine the cause of death.
Almost 200 elephants are killed each year in Sri Lanka. The perpetrators are often farmers on whose land the animals had previously been harmless. At the same time, around 50 people are killed by elephants every year. This usually happens when the animals migrate through villages built close to their habitat.
It is estimated that only about 7,000 elephants are left in Sri Lanka. Theoretically, killing them carries the death penalty.
Detained British oil tanker leaves Iran
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" left the port city of Bandar Abbas more than two months after being seized by Iran. This was announced by the Bandar Abbas Maritime Administration, according to the IRNA news agency. The Iranian Revolutionary Guard arrested the British-flagged tanker on July 19 on charges of disregarding the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf.
Thomas Cook's management under fire
The responsible economic committee of the lower house wants to investigate the bankruptcy of the travel giant Thomas Cook comprehensively. It should be about the salary packages of the executive board as well as the question of why the British government did not want to help the struggling company financially. "We are interested in the supervision in the company as well as the control by external auditors," said the committee chairman Rachel Reeves in London. "Apparently we are dealing with a bad example of management greed".
According to experts, genes are overestimated in colorectal cancer risk
The role of genes in the familial increased risk of colon cancer has apparently been overestimated. This is the conclusion reached by researchers from the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) Heidelberg in a current study. Other risk factors such as family eating habits are therefore likely to weigh more heavily than previously assumed. The DKFZ scientists emphasize that this has consequences for the calculation of the individual risk of colon cancer.
Elon Musk lets Tesla shares rise
Musk wrote this in an e-mail to Tesla employees published on Thursday (local time) by the industry blog "Electrek". The demand is strong, so that Tesla could book 110,000 orders, it said in Musk's circular.
The challenge is to get the cars to customers quickly. To do this, Tesla must mobilize as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked the information: Tesla's shares went out of trading with a plus of over six percent. The price has not risen that much in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered a good 95,000 cars and thus achieved its previous record.
Musk needs records to achieve his lofty goals. In 2019 he plans to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this, six-digit numbers must be produced in the current and coming quarter. Above all, the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but the profit margins are low here. Despite the boom, there have recently been losses.
UK government wants to bypass Brexit law? Johnson reluctant
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is keeping a low profile on whether he is looking for ways to circumvent the law against an unregulated Brexit last passed by Parliament. When asked on Friday in front of journalists, he merely said that his government would comply with the law.
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the exit date if no agreement is reached with the EU by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a "surrender law" that makes negotiations with the EU difficult.
Former British Prime Minister John Major on Thursday suggested that Johnson might try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. Johnson could use a procedural trick that postponed the entry into force of the law until after leaving the EU.
Johnson said he was aiming for a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident that we will leave the EU on October 31st and the best way to go is with an agreement".
Iran is apparently ramping up uranium enrichment
Iran's President Hassan Rohani has increased the pressure on the European contracting parties in the dispute over the rescue of the historic nuclear deal. "Unfortunately, the European states show inability or unwillingness when it comes to concrete actions," said Rohani on Thursday at a press conference on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York. In the event that they did not keep their promises, he promised "further steps" away from the agreements of the laboriously negotiated agreement of 2015.
The background to this is the conflict over the international agreement to prevent an Iranian atomic bomb, which in return contained a promise to Tehran to normalize economic relations. The US stepped out of the agreement single-handedly in 2018 in order to use "maximum pressure" to force Iran to change course in what is considered to be aggressive Middle East policy. The administration of President Donald Trump wants to negotiate a new agreement with tougher conditions and is now again relying on tough sanctions against Tehran. Iran recently responded by restarting uranium enrichment, which is limited in the treaty.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirmed in a report that the Islamic Republic is now using the centrifuges installed at the beginning of September with uranium or has at least prepared them for use. According to the IAEA, Iran is also preparing to set up more than 300 additional centrifuges.
Rohani speculated that perhaps the Europeans were not ready to bear their part of the deal and therefore left the Iranians with the costs and burden of oppressive US sanctions. However, there will still be further discussions that will hopefully bring a solution.
Rouhani continues to deny Iran's involvement in attacks in Saudi Arabia
However, the situation changed after an attack on an important oil facility in Saudi Arabia in mid-September: Germany, France and Great Britain followed the US assessment on Monday that Tehran was responsible for the attack. Originally, the Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen confessed to the attack, but the United States viewed this as a false confession. "We have nothing to do with it," said Rohani on Wednesday, reiterating his position.
"Those who make such allegations must provide evidence," said Rouhani. The European leaders could not have done that in talks with him during the UN general debate. Instead, they only argued that the rebels in Yemen could not carry out an attack like this. Rohani had met with Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson in the past few days.
Before possible talks with US President Trump, the far-reaching sanctions of the US administration would first have to be lifted, demanded Rohani. He called on the Washington government to switch to a policy of "dialogue and reason".
Comet from another star crosses solar system
Astronomers are currently observing a comet from deep in space. That only worked once before. The comet allows conclusions to be drawn about other solar systems.
What was initially just a guess has now been confirmed: An interstellar guest is cruising through our solar system. The deep-space comet was named 2I / Borisov after its discoverer and has attracted the interest of astronomers around the world.
The well-traveled comet was discovered on August 30th by the amateur astronomer Gennady Borissov at the Margo Observatory in Crimea - with a self-made telescope 65 centimeters in diameter. Follow-up observations from various observatories not only confirmed that it was an unknown comet, but also showed that it did not originate in our solar system.
After 1I / 'Oumuamua from 2017, 2I / Borisov is only the second interstellar object that was sighted during a flight through our solar system.
2I / Borisov offers astronomers the rare chance to gain close-up glimpses of a strange solar system before it disappears, never to be seen again. First observations show that the interstellar comet resembles those of our own system, as reported by the Canary Islands Astrophysical Institute. "The current speed of the comet is high, about 150,000 kilometers per hour, which at this distance is well above the typical speeds of objects orbiting the sun," reported Davide Farnocchia of the US space agency Nasa in a press release.
According to the analyzes, the comet is traveling on a so-called hyperbolic orbit that leads it out of our system - and clearly of interstellar origin, as the International Astronomical Union (IAU) announced. She is also responsible for naming and categorizing celestial bodies. In honor of its discoverer, the interstellar tailing star, which was initially listed under catalog number C / 2019 Q4, was named 2I / Borisov by her, with the first part of the name indicating that it is the second interstellar object that has been discovered in our solar system.
The astronomers are lucky: In contrast to 1I / 'Oumuamua, 2I / Borisov was already sighted on the approach. This gives the researchers many months to investigate. "The object will reach its greatest brightness in mid-December and can then be seen with medium-sized telescopes until April 2020," explained Farnocchia. "From then until October 2020 it will only be possible to observe it with larger, professional telescopes".
Several observatories have already targeted the visitor. A team led by Karen Meech from the University of Hawaii, who had already led the characterization of 1I / 'Oumuamua, determined the diameter of the celestial object to be 2 to 16 kilometers in an initial study. Images from the Gemini Observatory in Hawaii show a distinct tail of the comet.
Researchers at the Astrophysical Institute of the Canary Islands (IAC) have already obtained a so-called spectrum from the interstellar tail star, which offers a kind of fingerprint of its chemical composition. "The spectrum of this object is similar to that of comets in our solar system, and this indicates that their composition must be similar," reported IAC researcher Julia de León. This observation suggests that comets could form in other solar systems through processes similar to ours, added de León's colleague Javier Licandro.
The discovery of two interstellar visitors within only two years suggests, according to the IAU, that these objects could open up a new way of researching certain processes in other solar systems. How often such flying visits are, however, is still difficult to estimate. One of the next interstellar visitors could possibly intercept a planned satellite mission of the European space agency Esa.
The agency wants to station the three-part space probe "Comet Interceptor" (German about comet interceptor) in a waiting position at a distance of 1.5 million kilometers from Earth by 2028. According to Esa Science Director Günther Hasinger, it should either wait for a still untouched, fresh comet from our own solar system, or for an interstellar visitor such as 1I / 'Oumuamua.
First landing on Beijing's new mega-airport Daxing
Just in time for the People's Republic's 70th birthday, the time has come: a first passenger plane from China United Airlines landed at the new mega airport in the south of the Chinese capital, a special honor for the captain and crew.
Around 45 million passengers are to be handled annually at the new airport by 2022, and by 2025 it should be 72 million. China's President Xi Jinping personally announced the opening of the 450 billion dollar project. The latest prestige project in China is also called "starfish" because of its six-armed building structure.
The complex has four runways, which will later be expanded to seven, and is equipped with the world's largest automatic air traffic management system. A new underground new subway transports passengers to downtown Beijing in just 20 minutes.
Even during construction, the Chinese announced several times that Berlin could learn from Beijing. The opening of the - and much smaller - capital airport in Germany, which has been under construction since 2006, has so far been postponed again and again. In Beijing, on the other hand, the first passenger plane landed after just four years.
New supersonic aircraft to fly in 2030: from London to Sydney in four and a half hours
From London to Sydney in just four and a half hours - this is the dream of the British space agency UK Space Agency. A special drive (Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine, Saber) developed by Reaction Engines from Oxfordshire, the US broadcaster CNN quoted the agency as saying, should make this supersonic flight, which is targeted for the 2030s, possible. "This is the technology that could definitely do that," agency boss Graham Turnock told the broadcaster. "We're talking about the 2030s for commissioning, and the work is very advanced".
The British space agency wants to work more closely with the Australian one to advance the project. A flight from the British capital to the Australian metropolis currently takes around 20 hours. As the only supersonic aircraft to date for passenger transport, the Concorde covered the New York-Paris route from 1976 until it ceased operations in 2003 and needed three to three and a half hours for it. In 2000 there was an accident when a Concorde was taking off at Paris' Charles de Gaulle airport, in which all 109 occupants were killed. Last year the US aircraft manufacturer Lockheed Martin announced plans to work with the US space agency Nasa to develop a supersonic aircraft, the "X-Plane". Virgin Galactic also has such developments in its program.
"Saber will make the world smaller with its high-speed point-to-point transport," writes Reaction Engines on its website, among other things. The Saber drive could be used for efficient travel at a speed of Mach 5 - that's five times as fast as sound. In addition, such aircraft can also be used outside the earth's atmosphere and thus enable the "next generation of truly reusable frame travel devices".
Riots in Washington: Trump wants to track down anonymous tipsters in the Ukraine affair
In the Ukraine affair about possible abuse of power by the US President, Donald Trump wants to track down possible leaks in the White House.
"I want to know who gave the whistleblower the information," Trump said on Thursday in front of employees of the US legation at the United Nations in New York. The person concerned is almost "a spy" and they were treated "a little differently" in the past than they are today.
This was seen as an attempt to intimidate tipsters. The event was actually not public. However, several US media broadcast audio recordings of the address on Friday. Democrats were outraged at the president's statement.
The Democrats in the US House of Representatives announced preparations for an impeachment trial against Trump on Tuesday. Their allegations are based primarily on a written complaint from an anonymous secret service employee who has made serious allegations against Trump and his government headquarters. Following great public pressure, the whistleblower's descriptions were made public on Thursday.
As part of his work, the whistleblower claims to have received information from several government employees that the US president "uses the power of his office" to get another country to interfere in his favor in the 2020 US election.
At the center of the allegations is a controversial phone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj at the end of July, in which Trump encouraged his counterpart to investigate that could harm his political rival Joe Biden. It concerns earlier deals of Biden's son Hunter in Ukraine and alleged efforts to protect his offspring from the Ukrainian judiciary. Biden is ahead in the race for the Democratic presidential candidacy for the 2020 election.
With a view to the Ukraine telephone call, the whistleblower also accused the White House of covering up: senior government officials had tried to keep the exact wording of the conversation under the covers. As usual, an electronic wording protocol was made. After the conversation, on instructions from lawyers from the White House, this was removed from a database usually provided for this purpose and instead stored in a specially protected system. So far only rough minutes of the meeting have been published.
The identity of the whistleblower is not publicly known. The "New York Times" reported that it should be an employee of the foreign intelligence service CIA.
Trump again questioned the source's credibility on Friday. In a series of tweets on the subject, the President wrote, among other things, that the "so-called whistleblower" had distributed second-hand information that had turned out to be incorrect. Therefore, there may be no tipsters or spies at all.
How Trump said in New York about those who are said to have leaked information to the whistleblower, triggered outrage. US House Chairwoman Nancy Pelosi reacted with concern and complained that Trump's statement was once again undermining the government's integrity.
Various investigations against Trump and his environment have been running in various committees in the House of Representatives for months. In view of the Ukraine allegations, the Democrats are now pressing ahead with the investigation with renewed vigor in order to initiate a possible impeachment proceedings against Trump.
"The whistleblower gave us a roadmap for our investigation," said the head of the secret service committee in the House of Representatives, Adam Schiff. Trump attacked Schiff sharply, accusing him of misrepresenting things and again calling for the committee chairman to resign. Trump regularly insults Schiff and demanded its withdrawal months ago.
In a statement released on Friday, more than 300 former US security and foreign policy officials, the majority of whom worked under Democratic, but also under Republican presidents, backed the Democratic investigation into a possible impeachment. If the allegations prove to be true, it would be "a ruthless abuse of power" by Trump, it said.
There is no precise schedule for the rest of the procedure. With their majority in the House of Representatives, the Democrats could initiate a so-called impeachment process. The decision on an actual impeachment would be made in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have a majority. The chances of success of such a procedure are therefore slim. So far, no US president has been removed from office through impeachment proceedings.
VW works council: jobs are "creeping" down
The VW brand's plans to further reduce production costs could be at the expense of manufacturing in Germany and Europe. This concern drives the works council of the car manufacturer. The brand aims to cut its annual factory costs of ten billion euros by two billion euros by 2023. Of this, 500 million euros are to be saved this year.
Personnel costs are a key to this. The "Future Pact" negotiated between the company and the works council in 2016 provides for 14,000 jobs to be cut in Germany alone by 2020. In principle, the following applies: A job at the car manufacturer can only be cut if it is more or less proven that the activities associated with it are no longer necessary. In addition, employment security applies until 2029.
As our newspaper has now learned from works council circles, jobs in production that are actually not available are being "creeping" down another route - that is, bypassing the official course. Regular positions that become vacant are often not filled again.
In these cases, the works council has no way of forcing a replacement. In the meantime, there is a shortage of staff in many places, the intensification of work is increasing, and concerns about a gradual bleeding of the vehicle plants are increasing. This also increases the fear that vehicle production could gradually be withdrawn from Germany and Europe because it is cheaper in other parts of the world. From VW it only said: "An adjustment of the employment volume takes place as agreed in a socially acceptable way along the demographic curve".
The VW brand wants to standardize production even more worldwide and control new projects centrally. This should also reduce costs and speed up decisions - the aim behind this is to increase productivity and thus competitiveness. Production director Andreas Tostmann said at a manager conference in Berlin: "Especially in uncertain times from Brexit to the impending trade war between the USA and China, we are well advised to make ourselves crisis-proof".
There are already successes on this path: For example, this year, for the first time since 2013, production costs per vehicle will fall compared to the previous year. Tostmann told journalists that the production time for the Golf 8, which will be presented on October 24 in Wolfsburg, will be shortened by 1.1 hours. VW does not give exact figures on the production time, according to information from our newspaper it is around for the Golf 7
20 hours.
In our region, the main plant in Wolfsburg is the only VW factory in which vehicles are produced. The Braunschweig and Salzgitter plants manufacture components. For Wolfsburg, VW's internal rule of thumb is that 800,000 cars have to be built there every year for the plant to be satisfactorily profitable. In 2018, however, the load factor in Wolfsburg was only around 700,000 vehicles - due to the falling diesel demand and the problems with the switch to the new WLTP fuel consumption and emissions test method.
As production director Tostmann announced last year, one million cars will roll off the production line in Wolfsburg "in perspective". This should make it possible to bundle Golf production in the main plant - because the Zwickau plant is relinquishing Golf production by converting it to a location for electric car production.
The Tiguan and Tarraco (Seat) SUVs are also produced in Wolfsburg. However, the sales figures for the Golf and Tiguan have recently declined. That is why expectations are now resting on the Golf 8. Despite all efforts to develop e-mobility, it will initially remain the Wolfsburg-based bread-and-butter car.
Forced into prostitution with voodoo: human traffickers convicted
Young women from Nigeria have been sworn to oaths, smuggled into the Ruhr area and forced into prostitution. Six suspected human traffickers have to go to jail.
Six alleged human traffickers from Nigeria were sentenced on Friday in Bochum to probation and imprisonment of up to eight years and three months. The defendants smuggled young women from Nigeria into the Ruhr area and forced them into prostitution. In order to force their obedience, the Nigerian women willing to leave had to take a ritual oath in front of a voodoo priest at home.
The victims were between 17 and 22 years old. With the help of Libyan smugglers, they were brought across the Mediterranean in rubber boats. However, the dream of a better future did not come true. When they arrived in Germany, they were distributed to various brothels in order to work off the alleged smuggling costs of an average of 25,000 euros. The wages were therefore completely removed from them.
The defendants - four men and two women - had admitted the smuggling and the subsequent distribution of the young Nigerian women to brothels in the process. "The work made the women physically and mentally difficult," said judge Isabel Hoffmann when the verdict was pronounced. "Some were really disgusted".
The judgments are on the commercial smuggling of foreigners, human trafficking, pimping and severe forced prostitution.
Ufo calls for negotiations with Lufthansa
In the ongoing dispute with the Lufthansa Group, the flight attendant union UFO has threatened again with strikes.
If the company does not return to the negotiating table, the union will "inform about the industrial action in the LH group on October 14th," said Ufo collective bargaining board member Daniel Flohr on Friday. Lufthansa and its subsidiary Eurowings have been refusing to negotiate with UFO for months. There is also the question of whether the union has lawfully terminated collective agreements at Lufthansa.
On this point, Ufo now sees itself strengthened after a decision by the Frankfurt Labor Court. Lufthansa wanted to let it be established that the collective agreements had not been terminated. The court rejected the applications. The company upheld the decision and is considering appealing it. "It is unlikely that a second court will see the matter completely differently," said UFO board member Flohr.
In August, Lufthansa had also submitted an application to the Frankfurt Regional Labor Court to have the UFO's status as a union checked in court. The company argues that the union has not set up a representative board for months and is therefore unable to fulfill its role as a collective bargaining partner.
This was preceded by a fierce leadership dispute in the branch union, in the course of which numerous members of the board of directors and the advisory board resigned, including long-time union leader Nicoley Baublies. Due to doubts about its leadership, the UFO suspended a ballot that had already started on strikes by cabin crew at Eurowings at the end of July.
Easier entry: Saudi Arabia announces new visa system
Until now, Saudi Arabia was not exactly known as an international tourist magnet. But that should change now. The country on the Persian Gulf wants to introduce new visa regulations.
With a new visa system, Saudi Arabia wants to attract more international tourists in the future. The tourism commission announced that the aim is to increase the number of international and domestic visitors to 100 million per year by 2030.
"The opening of Saudi Arabia to international tourists is a historic moment for our country," said the Chairman of the Tourism Commission, Ahmad Al-Chatib.
So far, Saudi Arabia has been difficult to access for tourists. Visas are usually only issued for short business trips, religious pilgrimages, or visitors with loved ones to the desert state. With the new rules, the ultra-conservative kingdom hopes to generate more income from the tourism business. According to its own statements, Riyadh wants to reduce its dependence on the oil trade.
In mid-September, several rockets and drones hit two of the most important oil facilities in eastern Saudi Arabia: the country's largest oil refinery in Abkaik and the Churais oil field. As a result, national oil production collapsed and oil prices soared. It will take several weeks for the kingdom's oil production to return to its old level.
Justin and Hailey Bieber are preparing for their wedding party
Singer Justin Bieber (25) and his wife Hailey (22) are preparing for their wedding party. The model posted several party photos in her Instagram Stories on Thursday (local time) in which she can be seen in a white wedding look. Reality star Kendall Jenner (23) and others had organized a hen party in Los Angeles, according to People magazine.
Justin posted several brightly colored suits, including banana prints, on Instagram and asked his followers: "Help me choose my tuxedo for the wedding". According to media reports, the celebrity couple wants to get married in church next weekend.
The Biebers tied the knot in a New York registry office a year ago. There hadn't been a bigger festival back then.
In a recent interview with Australian Vogue, Hailey said that after initial problems, the two had found a common ground: "If you don't want to compromise, you can't have a relationship".
Two dead in plane crash in the Czech Republic
Two people were killed in the crash of a small plane in the west of the Czech Republic. The wreck was discovered on Friday in a forest area near the city of Mecin (Metschin), the police said. The dead are a 38-year-old woman and a 64-year-old man.
The authorities had been looking for the machine since Thursday evening after the crew had given an emergency signal via GPS. A military helicopter was also used during the search. The cause of the accident has yet to be determined. The crash site is around 30 kilometers south of Pilsen (Plzen) and 100 kilometers northeast of Regensburg.
Half of the European tree species are threatened with extinction
In addition to pests, diseases, alien species, unsustainable logging and urban growth are also causes of the threat, reported the International Union for Conservation of Nature IUCN in Brussels on Friday. She examined the populations of all 454 tree species known in Europe. 265 of these are not found on any other continent. Of these 265, 58 percent are threatened. 66 would already be at the highest level of danger and thus before extinction.
The IUCN divides endangered species into six categories: from "potentially endangered" to "endangered", "critically endangered", "critically endangered" and "naturally extinct" to "extinct". In total, it lists more than 28,000 animal and plant species worldwide as endangered.
Mountain ash and wild horse chestnut threatened
In Germany, mountain ash trees (Sorbus) in particular are threatened, one of the authors, David Allen, told the German Press Agency. "Most are threatened because the populations are small anyway or because their habitats have been transformed or weakened".
Things also look bad for the wild horse chestnuts. They have been considered "at risk" since 2017, level two on the IUCN scale. The greatest threat, along with a fungus, is the Balkan leaf miner. It has been spreading from southeastern Europe across the continent since the 1980s and has hardly any natural enemies. IUCN estimates the number of wild horse chestnuts (Aesculus hippocastanum) in Europe to be less than 10,000. Trees in cities, parks and avenues are not included in this assessment.
Shrub species and mosses are also at risk
At the same time, the IUCN scientists created new European red lists for molluscs, shrubs and mosses. More than a fifth of molluscs and mosses and almost half of all shrub species are threatened, according to the IUCN. This is mainly due to the destruction of the wilderness, introduced species, agricultural practices and climate change. Mollusks like snails play a key role in recycling nutrients in the soil and are an important source of food for birds and other animals.
"This report shows that the situation is precarious for many overlooked and underrated species, species that form the backbone of the European ecosystem and contribute to a healthy planet," said Luc Bas, IUCN Director of the Europe Office. "We need to limit human impacts on our ecosystems and make protecting these species a priority".
Earthquake off Istanbul: 34 injured reported
34 people were injured in the recent earthquake in Turkey. According to the information, there were no deaths. Dozens of people had to leave their homes and 14 schools in Istanbul were closed for security reasons, said Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay on Friday.
Hundreds of buildings were damaged. Since the quake the previous day there have been almost 200 aftershocks. The 5.8 magnitude earthquake shook the Marmara region off Istanbul on Thursday and triggered panic in the metropolis.
Now the government wants to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the future, Oktay announced. Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu said Turkey has not been adequately prepared for quakes in the past 20 years.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly prone to earthquakes. Under the Sea of Marmara lies a section of the so-called North Anatolian Fault, which marks the border between the Eurasian and Anatolian tectonic plates.
One of the heaviest quakes was one of magnitude 7.6 in 1999 near Istanbul. The epicenter at that time was in Gölcük, southeast of Istanbul. More than 17,000 people were killed.
A 4.6 magnitude quake shook the region around Istanbul on Tuesday. The authorities called on residents to stay away from damaged buildings.
Super Bowl 2020: Jennifer Lopez (JLo) and Shakira appear in the halftime show
Latin pop singers Jennifer Lopez and Shakira will lead the halftime show of the next American football final, the Super Bowl. The singers announced on Twitter. "It doesn't get any bigger," wrote Shakira to a photo of himself and Lopez. She is so excited to be on the Super Bowl stage. On February 2nd, 2020 the time will come in Miami.
Jennifer Lopez said she had dreamed of performing at the Super Bowl since 1996 - when she saw Diana Ross fly into the sky at the halftime show. "Now it's even more special because the NFL is 100 years old and I'll be performing with a different Latina." She can hardly wait "to show what we girls can do on the biggest stage in the world".
Shakira said in a statement that she was honored to stand alongside another artist on one of the world's largest stages, representing Latinos and Latinas from the United States and around the world. "And then on my birthday too!" The main sponsor of the event wrote on Twitter that it was the first time that the two "queens" stood together on a stage.
Shakira is from Colombia. Jennifer Lopez was born in New York to her parents from Puerto Rico.
Fight against falling audience numbers
The Super Bowl is the highlight of the American football season. The game and the halftime show are some of the most watched TV broadcasts in the United States. Even if the number of viewers has recently dropped: This February, the spectacle in the USA attracted the fewest viewers for more than ten years. Even so, it was still almost a hundred million people on average.
There had been an uproar in advance about the halftime show of the last Super Bowl: According to media reports, top stars like Rihanna, Pink and Cardi B did not want to appear in the dispute over how to deal with quarterback Colin Kaepernick last February. After all, the pop group Maroon 5 led the halftime show - the reviews were unfriendly.
Kaepernick, then quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers, went on his knees before NFL games in the 2016/17 season at the national anthem in protest against police violence and racism. With his protest, Kaepernick triggered a movement, numerous players took over the gesture. That caused a lot of excitement, US President Donald Trump attacked the mostly African American football stars. Kaepernick himself has been without a club since March 2017 and has not played an NFL game. He accuses the clubs of not wanting to hire him for political reasons.
Cook broke: Hotels get money from insurance
According to a press report, the bankruptcy of the travel agent Thomas Cook will cost some banks dearly. There is a risk of high write-downs on outstanding bonds and loans. Credit Suisse is also affected, writes the Financial Times in its Friday issue.
Banks such as Barclays, Morgan Stanley, UniCredit or Credit Suisse would have to write down their books totaling up to 1.8 billion British pounds (around 2 billion euros), according to the report. That would have shown estimates by the consulting firm AlixPartners.
Bond creditors would have to put up with write-downs of £ 900 million to £ 1 billion and lenders between £ 550 and 825 million. The amounts actually to be written off are likely to be at the upper end of the range, an expert told the paper.
How great the creditors' losses will actually be in the end will become clear after the insolvency proceedings have ended. A person close to the trial did not feel too hopeful. For example, the 40 or so Thomas Cook aircraft in Great Britain are "old" and many of the properties are in poor locations. The most money can probably be made by selling the airport slots and the Thomas Cook brand, it said.
Rackete is said to have brought alleged murderers to Italy
Sea-Watch captain Carola Rackete may have brought men to Italy who are believed to have tortured and killed people in Libya. "We cannot rule that out, but we have no reliable information ourselves," said the spokesman for the refugee organization Sea-Watch, Ruben Neugebauer, the dpa news agency.
Other migrants would have recognized the three men in Italy. They are accused of raping, torturing and killing people in Libya. The alleged perpetrators were arrested in the reception center in Messina, Italy. Neugebauer emphasized that the refugee organizations could not check who they let on their ships. "They come without passports".
Carola Rackete illegally brought migrants into the port of Lampedusa on June 29, ramming a ship belonging to the Italian financial police. The three suspects are said to have arrived there that day. Investigations are underway against the captain for aiding and abetting illegal immigration.
USA warn federal government against Huawei
The head of the US Internet authority Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Ajit Pai, has warned the federal government not to trust the Chinese network equipment supplier Huawei.
We believe that the risks are too great, "said Pai to the" Handelsblatt "with a view to setting up the new 5G cellular network.
China has a "national security law" that obliges every company "under Chinese law" to follow the instructions of the security authorities.
The current law also forbids companies from informing third parties about such inquiries, "said the FCC chief. This makes it very difficult to have confidence in the integrity of technical equipment and services.
The federal government has meanwhile agreed to require a "trustworthiness declaration" from suppliers.
Berlin wants to try first to control the risks, for example with technical solutions, reports the "Handelsblatt" citing its own information.
Pai doubts that this is possible. 5G technology is not just about hardware:
The software is especially important to keep the devices up to date. This software is made up of billions of lines of code that change over time, "Pai said.
It is "very difficult to imagine" that a government agency, "no matter where, would be able to check every single update in real time in order to detect security risks," the FCC boss said.
He accuses the Chinese company Huawei of close contacts with the Chinese state apparatus:
The ownership structure is opaque. The employee company that supposedly owns the company is not necessarily independent of the government, "Pai told the Handelsblatt.
The US had evidence that government employees were placed within the company. Pai was recently in Berlin for talks to promote the US position.
Chemical plant in northern France burns: schools closed
Local residents hear explosions at night. A gigantic wall of fire lights up the sky over a chemical plant in northern France. The fire is extinguished after hours - the clean-up work could now take days.
After a fire in a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen on Thursday, schools and day nurseries in the region will remain closed.
In twelve municipalities, the facilities would not open on Friday as a precaution, said the responsible prefecture. The Interior Ministry had asked citizens to stay indoors as much as possible and not expose themselves to the smoke. There were no injuries. Farmers and breeders were called on to bring their animals inside, protect their feed and stop harvesting for the time being.
The fire was completely extinguished on Thursday evening, as the prefecture announced. There is still a risk that smell will spread after the deletion, according to the prefecture on Twitter. According to the prefecture, 240 fire fighters as well as 90 police officers and gendarmes were on duty at the scene of the fire.
A gigantic column of black smoke had risen from the chemical plant. French media reported huge flames and explosions in the factory of the Lubrizol company, which makes additives for oils. The production facility is located a few kilometers from the city center.
According to the authorities, the factory in Normandy belongs to the so-called Seveso category of dangerous locations that are specially monitored. In 1976, in Seveso, near Milan, Italy, there was a devastating chemical accident.
The prefect of the Normandy region, Pierre-André Durand, told the news broadcaster BFMTV that no "high toxicity" was initially found in samples. However, pollution of the nearby Seine cannot be ruled out. Dams against pollution have been built in the river, the prefecture said.
The fire broke out early in the morning around 2:40 a.m., the authorities reported. The cause was initially unclear. Rouen is a regional metropolis and is located on the Seine between Paris and the port city of Le Havre.
French finance minister: "Germany has to invest, now"
The French Minister for Economic Affairs and Finance, Bruno Le Maire, has called on Germany to make greater investments in order to stimulate economic growth in the euro zone.
Germany has to invest now, the sooner the better, "said Le Maire on Thursday evening when presenting the French budget for the coming year.
The minister warned that the economy in the euro zone was weakening.
We cannot wait for the economic situation to worsen to take the necessary decisions ”.
Those states that had budgetary leeway for more investments would have to act, said Le Maire with a view to Germany, among other things.
France does not have this leeway, added the minister, referring to the country's high national debt. This is more than 98 percent of the gross domestic product. The French national debt must be "stabilized" and "reduced", said Le Maire.
In recent years, France has repeatedly appealed to Germany to make more public investments in order to stimulate the European economy. In return, German politicians have repeatedly asked France to get its budget deficit under control.
The French budget for 2020 presented on Thursday provides tax breaks of more than nine billion euros for households.
The French government is reacting to the protests of the yellow vests movement, among other things. The new debt is expected to drop to 2.2 percent, after an expected 3.1 percent this year.
Is he still trying to cheat ?: Johnson evades a question about Brexit tactics
British Prime Minister Johnson sharply criticized the "Surrender Act" passed by Parliament.
Parliament is back, a law requires the British Prime Minister to avoid a chaos Brexit. However, critics fear that Boris Johnson could still use a loophole. When asked about this possibility, however, the Tory politician evades.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is keeping a low profile on whether he wants to push through an unregulated Brexit - despite the law recently passed by parliament on what exactly should prevent that. When asked to do so, Johnson said to journalists that his government would comply with the law.
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the exit date if no agreement with the EU has been reached by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a "surrender law" that makes negotiations with the EU difficult.
Former British Prime Minister John Major on Thursday suggested that Johnson might try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. The Prime Minister could use a procedural trick that would postpone the entry into force of the law until after leaving the EU. Johnson said he was aiming for a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident that we will leave the EU on October 31st and the best way to go is with an agreement".
Johnson's chief advisor Dominic Cummings said that he saw the political disputes over Brexit as a "walk in the park" and was confident that the intended exit from the EU would still come about: "We are enjoying it, we will win, we will (editor's note). d.Red .: from the EU), do not worry, "said Cummings of the British newspaper" Telegraph "according to a book launch.
Cummings, who led the Brexit "Vote Leave" campaign during the pre-EU referendum campaign in 2016, is now the chief strategist at Downing Street. He is said to be behind the uncompromising policy that has led the prime minister into an almost hopeless situation.
"The Polaroid Diaries" by Linda McCartney
Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan or Janis Joplin - they all stood in front of the camera of Linda McCartney, who has become one of the great rock photographers. But it doesn't always have to be great glamor. The photo book "The Polaroid Diaries" (bags) delves deep into the very private world of the McCartney family.
Paul McCartney, who was married to her from 1969 until Linda's death in 1998, was visibly proud and touched when he presented the illustrated book "The Polaroid Diaries" in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in mid-September. The illustrious guests also included Ringo Starr, Stella McCartney, Olivia Harrison and Pretenders front woman Chrissie Hynde.
After the launch event, McCartney wrote on Instagram: "#ThePolaroidDiaries is a glimpse into the life of an extraordinary pre-Instagram family, a celebration of the legacy of LindaMcCartney as a dedicated artist and the instant magic of Polaroid film."
Linda McCartney, who studied art history at the University of Arizona until she found photography, always had the camera with her. She has made thousands of Polaroids, several hundred of which are now being published for the first time in "The Polaroid Diaries".
There are portraits, still lifes, landscapes, several hamsters, a sheep in the kitchen and other interiors from the early 1970s to the late 1990s. "She wanted real moments," writes the art critic Ekow Eshun in his foreword. And of course there is always one person in the center: your husband Paul - as you may never have seen him.
He's dancing with his daughter Mary on his shoulders, talking on the phone in a bathrobe with a bag on his head or wearing shapeless moon boots. Sure, the McCartneys were an extraordinary family, but they also led a perfectly normal life beyond the spotlight on their farm in southern England or Scotland. According to the BBC, Mary McCartney said that as a baby she slept in a bed her father made out of old potato boxes. And the McCartneys weren't always tidy.
The Poloraid camera captures the immediate moment like hardly any other medium. Linda McCartney's recordings are certainly like a family diary, but they are much more than just snapshots.
It's all about the decisive click: you have to recognize when a great photo happens in front of you. And then you have to snap it at exactly the right moment, "said Paul McCartney." If you snap two seconds later or two seconds earlier, it can be a completely different photo. "And Linda would have had the gift of always capturing exactly the right moment. "She just knew she had it," Paul said in the Eshun essay.
The light, the composition, the image section and the colors are right, which makes "The Polaroid Diaries" not only an entertaining picture book for Beatles fans, but besides everything anecdotal it is also a great aesthetic pleasure, where landscapes can sometimes be abstract Paintings work. The perfect complement to the recently reissued Beatles album "Abbey Road", which was released exactly 50 years ago.
"We will continue to buy oil and gas from Iran"
Despite the US sanctions imposed on Iran, Turkey wants to continue importing oil and gas from the neighboring country. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in an interview published on Friday that Turkey could not cancel oil and gas imports from Iran.
We will continue to buy our natural gas from there, "said Erdogan in New York, where he had attended the UN General Assembly.
Erdogan admitted that Turkey had problems importing Iranian oil, as some companies had "withdrawn because of the US threats".
Nevertheless, Turkey will "continue our relations with Iran, especially on this issue and on many other issues," said the Turkish President, who had repeatedly criticized the US sanctions against Iran in the past.
Since withdrawing from the international nuclear agreement with Iran, the USA has pursued a policy of "maximum pressure" on the Islamic Republic. According to the US, Iran is secretly pursuing a nuclear program and is not adhering to the agreement.
Their sanctions have led to a collapse in Iranian oil exports and a severe economic crisis in Iran. Tensions in the Gulf region have increased significantly in recent months.
US government wants to restrict admission of refugees
The US government wants to drastically restrict the admission of refugees. The US State Department said on Thursday that the annual cap on a resettlement program should be lowered from the current 30,000 to 18,000 refugees. That corresponds to a cut of 40 percent.
The State Department said the US would continue to be committed to helping refugees. The most important task is to protect US citizens and serve them. The US immigration system is currently overloaded.
The US government wants to focus in the future on the admission of two groups of refugees: people who are persecuted for their beliefs - and Iraqis who helped the US military in the country and are thereby endangered, as from the statement of the State Department emerges. On the other hand, a maximum of 1,500 refugees should be accepted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
In the 1980 program, refugees from UN camps around the world are selected and resettled in the United States. The limit of 18,000 refugees for the 2020 budget year would be the lowest in the history of the program. The current upper limit of 30,000 is already a low. When US President Donald Trump's predecessor Barack Obama left the White House, the number was just under 85,000.
Aid organizations reacted in horror to the announced lowering of the upper limit. "This is a very sad day for America," said the head of the International Rescue Committee, David Miliband. This would further damage the US leadership role in protecting the world's most vulnerable people.
Trump is trying to strictly limit immigration to the United States, both legally and illegally. The US government expects 350,000 asylum applications for the coming budget year. These numbers are separate from the resettlement program.
Donald Trump - "Comes close to a spy"
US President Donald Trump has accused whistleblowers of espionage in the whistleblower affair. Whoever gave the informant who accused him of abuse of power, "comes close to a spy," said Trump, according to a recording of a private event on Thursday in New York. Several US media report this unanimously.
Accordingly, Trump spoke in front of employees of the American UN mission. When asked about the person who informed the whistleblower of controversial matters in the White House, he replied, "This is close to being a spy". Then Trump added, "Do you know what we did in the old days when we were smart? Right. The spies and treason, we used to treat it a little differently than we do now."
Observers assessed the latter remark as a possible allusion to the death penalty. The Democrats sharply criticized Trump's statements and accused him of intimidating witnesses. It was also an attempt to hinder a congressional investigation into a possible impeachment proceedings against him, wrote the chairmen of the committees on foreign affairs, secret services and supervision in the House of Representatives.
In a now published complaint, the whistleblower accuses the president of abusing his office to ask another country to intervene in the 2020 US election. Specifically, it concerns, among other things, his controversial phone call with his Ukrainian counterpart Volodymyr Selenskyj in the summer: In the conversation Trump advised him to start investigations against his possible democratic challenger Joe Biden and his son Hunter in Ukraine. Trump denies any wrongdoing.
It is still unclear who both the whistleblower himself and his informant are. As the New York Times reports, the whistleblower is said to be an analyst for the foreign intelligence service CIA.
Refugee boat capsized: babies and toddlers drown in the Aegean Sea
Time and again, people try to get from Turkey to Greece via the Aegean Sea. The boats that are often much too small often capsize. In the sinking of a rubber dinghy, seven migrants have now died - including five children.
Seven migrants were killed in the sinking of a rubber dinghy off the Greek island of Chios. The Greek coast guard reported that there was also a baby and four other children among the fatalities. Four children, three women and five men were saved from the floods by the crew of a passing ferry.
A smuggler is said to be among the victims, reported the local news portal of Chios, Alithia.gr. The migrants left Turkey that morning. They had tried to reach the small group of Inousses islands in the northeast of Chios Island. Inousses is located between Chios and the Turkish mainland.
It is not yet known which countries the migrants come from. Hundreds of migrants are currently crossing from Turkey to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean, mostly in boats that are far too small. Last year, 174 people died on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR).
The Who cancel concert
A US concert by the rock band The Who has come to an abrupt end due to an ailment of lead singer Roger Daltrey. In the middle of the gig on Wednesday evening (local time) in Houston, his voice failed. On the eighth song, Daltrey said to the audience, "I think I should leave it while it is still going."
Lead guitarist Pete Townsend apologized and added that Daltrey "really can't speak now". Townsend promised the audience that they would get their money's worth at a restitution concert. A date has not yet been set.
The Who canceled performances scheduled for Friday in Dallas and Sunday in Denver. They should be made up at a later date. 75-year-old Daltrey and his 74-year-old bandmate Townsend are the only remaining founding members. The British cult band formed 55 years ago.
Renting suddenly stopped: WeWork is causing real estate markets to tremble
WeWork has risen to become the largest office tenant in New York.
Within a few years, WeWork rose from a small startup to a driving force in the world's most expensive real estate markets. But now the company is in crisis. Landlords have to fear billions in income.
The crisis at the office rental company WeWork threatens to upset the balance on the world's largest real estate markets. A few days ago, the company had deposed founder Adam Neumann as boss, postponed the planned IPO and started selling subsidiaries and assets such as the private jet for executives in order to gain financial leeway for the coming weeks and months. In addition, the British "Financial Times" reports that WeWork has stopped the conclusion of new leases with immediate effect. This means that the largest tenant of office space in New York and London, among others, is suddenly off the market.
WeWork rents large office space on a long-term basis and lets it short-term in small units to members. These can be individual freelancers, small startups or entire departments of large corporations. So far, WeWork has been burning money at breakneck speed with this business. Last year the company posted a loss of $ 1.6 billion on sales of $ 1.8 billion. This year, the rental costs alone should have risen to an estimated 2.5 billion dollars due to the renting of ever new large areas. In order to limit the loss, the new company management is said to have pulled the emergency brake and stopped renting new space with immediate effect.
According to the "Financial Times", WeWork has now signed leases with terms of up to 15 years, resulting in obligations of more than 40 billion dollars. These huge liabilities could become a problem not only for the company itself and its investors, but also for entire real estate markets.
According to calculations by the economist Dan Alpert of Cornell Law School in New York, WeWork has rented almost 300,000 square meters of office space in Manhattan, one of the most expensive real estate markets in the world, in the past 24 months. WeWorks new contracts alone ensured that the demand for offices in New York was greater than the space that had come onto the market at this time. Without WeWorks expansion, the office vacancy in the US metropolis would have risen during this time, as Alpert wrote in "Business Insider". It looks similar in London, where WeWork now operates several dozen office locations in prime locations.
In the British capital, too, the balance on the real estate market could shift noticeably without further expansion by the aggressive startup. Among other things, WeWork is the main tenant in an office building in the center of the financial metropolis that was bought last year by the Sparkasse fund provider Deka for almost 100 million euros.
Many landlords have converted their properties for the requirements of WeWork with high investments. If WeWork fails to make its business model profitable soon, the property owners would have to write off part of the billions in revenue they hoped for. Despite the long-term rental agreements, they do not have access to WeWork's - already scarce - reserves. Because the leasing of the individual WeWork locations is usually done by specially founded subsidiaries, so-called special purpose vehicles, for which the parent company is only liable to a limited extent.
Russia again arrested numerous North Korean fishermen
The Russian coast guard has again taken action against North Korean fishermen. In the past few days, a total of 262 poachers who fished illegally in the waters had been arrested, the Russian domestic intelligence service FSB said to the Interfax agency on Friday.
161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested just ten days ago. The border guards had previously been shot at and three of them were injured. This time there were no injuries, it said. Communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages.
The North Korean fishermen were therefore in Russian territorial waters. According to its own statements, the Russian Coast Guard patrols there to protect its marine biological resources. During the renewed controls, 30,000 squids were discovered. In addition, according to the information, three fishing boats and two motor boats were confiscated and taken to Nakhodka and Posjet near Vladivostok. According to the Ria Novosti Agency, the Coast Guard detected a total of more than 8,000 violations in 2018
Even after complaints from local entrepreneurs, the Russian fisheries authority had not issued any fishing licenses to the North Koreans this year. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea were temporarily arrested there in 2019.
The head of the Association of Russian Fishing Companies in the Far Eastern Primorye Region, Georgi Martynov, recently complained about the high ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They fished with close-meshed synthetic nets that were banned in Russia. With these small creatures would also be taken out of the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where they would take 200 years to decompose. Even the ships themselves do not comply with the hygienic and technical regulations.
According to Moscow, three members of the Russian coast guard were injured in the previous week's arrests. According to the FSB, a North Korean who was also wounded later died of his injuries. On that September 17th, Russian border guards detained a North Korean boat and then a second after it opened fire.
USA imposes entry ban on ex-President Castro
The US has imposed travel bans on former Cuban President Raúl Castro and his children. The US State Department justified this in a statement on Thursday with Castro's involvement in "gross human rights violations". As head of the Communist Party of the Caribbean state, he heads a system in which thousands of Cubans are arbitrarily arrested and there are more than 100 political prisoners.
As chairman of the armed forces, the brother of the deceased revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was also complicit in human rights violations there by supporting the President of Venezuela, Nicolás Maduro. "The Cuban regime's disregard for human rights and the use of force to prop up the former Maduro regime are responsible for the ongoing crises in Cuba and Venezuela," tweeted US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
President Donald Trump issued entry bans on Wednesday, including against members of the Venezuelan government and the military. A bitter power struggle between the government and the opposition has been raging in Venezuela for months. The US has imposed a whole series of sanctions on Maduro's government in order to bring him to his knees and put opposition leader and self-proclaimed interim president Juan Guaidó to power.
Cuba is one of Maduro's closest allies. The socialist Caribbean island receives oil from Venezuela in exchange for the services of seconded doctors. According to estimates by the USA and the Venezuelan opposition, Cuba has also sent numerous secret service agents to Venezuela to help the government suppress government opponents.
New climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands and thousands of people want to take to the streets for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays for Future movement is planning campaigns and rallies in dozens of countries around the world. Because of the time difference, New Zealand and Australia are likely to begin before the protests stretch across Europe to North America. There, climate activist Greta Thunberg wanted to take part in a mass rally in Montreal, Canada. Protesters also wanted to gather in front of the White House in Washington.
It is relatively unclear how great the global response will be this Friday after the record participation of the previous week. Thunberg himself was in good spirits. "Last Friday over four million people went on strike for the climate. We'll do it again this Friday!" She wrote on Twitter. So far there have been 6383 actions in 170 countries during the strike week, she added.
In Germany in particular, the number of visitors last Friday was very high. A good third of all global demonstrators - around 1.4 million - had participated in the protests in 575 German cities, according to Fridays for Future estimates. This time, according to a listing of the movement, rallies are planned in at least 65 cities. Among them in metropolises like Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller communities and cities like Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt, people want to take to the streets for the climate.
At the age of 15, Thunberg sat in front of the Swedish parliament in August 2018 to call on the politicians in her country to do more to protect the climate. The Fridays for Future movement emerged from this within a short period of time. Mainly schoolchildren and students take part in the climate protests, but increasingly also scientists and other adults.
Together they demand more ambition from politics in the fight against global warming and the impending climate catastrophe. Above all, according to the Paris Climate Agreement, global warming must be curbed to below 1.5 degrees compared to the pre-industrial era.
Thunberg had arrived in New York just under a month ago after a two-week transatlantic cruise on an ocean racing yacht. There she recently participated in climate protests and United Nations summits. On Monday, she gave an emotional speech at the UN in which she insisted on the consciences of the heads of state and government. In her home town of Stockholm she was awarded the Alternative Nobel Prize by the Right Livelihood Foundation on Wednesday for her commitment to more climate protection.
Russia bans smoking on balconies
In future, people in Russia will no longer be allowed to smoke on the balcony. This provides for a change in fire protection. "This also applies to smoking," said a spokesman for the Emergency Ministry on Thursday in Moscow, according to the Tass agency. The ban is due to come into force on October 1st.
Anyone who smokes anyway must expect a fine of 3,000 rubles (42.46 euros). If the cigarette should start a fire, the penalty will be higher. According to the ministry, lit candles also fall under the ban. Grilling meat skewers on the balcony is also no longer permitted.
Attack Cyber Criminals - Investigators Unearth Servers
In the fight against crime on the Internet, German investigators excavated a large server provider for illegal business on the Darknet for the first time.
A total of 13 perpetrators are suspected of having hosted numerous websites as the operator of a data center in a former NATO bunker in Traben-Trarbach on the Moselle, through which international criminals carried out their machinations.
This was announced by the General Public Prosecutor's Office in Koblenz. Seven suspects were arrested in a major action on Thursday evening. The darknet is a shielded part of the internet.
The suspects' customers are said to have been the operators of the world's second largest darknet marketplace for drugs, "Wall Street Market", which investigators broke up in the spring. The attack on 1.25 million Telekom routers at the end of November 2016 was also controlled via a server in the cyber bunker, according to the Attorney General's Office.
Such a hoster was first excavated in Germany, it said. A web host provides the infrastructure for an Internet presence.
During the access campaign with the support of special units such as the GSG9, there were searches in Germany and neighboring countries. It was the result of almost five years of investigations. At noon, the investigators want to provide more details.
New global climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands and thousands of people want to take to the streets for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays for Future movement planned again actions and rallies in dozens of countries around the world.
In Germany, protests are planned in at least 65 cities, including metropolises like Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller communities and cities like Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt. Climate activist Greta Thunberg wants to take part in a mass rally in Montreal, Canada.
Climate protests ǀ Who are Thunberg's backers?
A sense of justice and courage are great virtues, even in the 21st century, in a world full of war and smoke factories that warm the climate. It is all the more astonishing that a 16-year-old girl of all people is holding the mirror in front of the power people of that time. But what does it mean? Is it helpfulness or clever marketing of a climate activist? Historic masterpiece or manipulative tactics for its own sake?
On the one hand, Greta Thunberg sets the masses in motion and gets young people to stand up for a better, climate-friendly world. Historically, it is not the first time in Europe that a young person has managed to win over a group of children and young people. As early as 1212 a child named Nikolaus from Cologne felt chosen to work for a fairer world. At that time, he was able to win over a crowd of young people and persuaded them to cross the sea to get to the promised land, similar to Greta Thunberg recently made the trip to America with a sailboat.
But is there a downside in this regard? Why does it take a stock called "We don't have time" to save the world? In addition, Greta Thunberg has rich PR managers by her side. By the way, her mother published a book that has sold widely thanks to her daughter in the spotlight. Well-established followers of Greta Thunberg were also a little indignant about the last PR show, or rather the trip by boat was probably too fat for some of his followers. This is also not unfounded, because the campaign was very well known in the media around the world and a lot of money is flowing thanks to the impressive campaign.
Opinions are now divided here: Is it morally right to get rich financially in saving the world? Is it still authentic when certain groups of people work together with stockbrokers during the world rescue operation? No matter what position is ultimately taken, a critical and reflective point of view is more and more important in a democratic society, because democracy thrives on different opinions and discussions. Therefore, it can make perfect sense to critically question apparently pious projects of certain trendsetters.
Comet discovered: Interstellar guest cruises through our solar system
A strange comet is currently crossing our solar system.
The astronomers' assumptions have been confirmed: A foreign comet is currently crossing our solar system - it is only the second of its kind.
Garching / Washington - For a long time the researchers only suspected it, but now they are certain: A comet from another star is currently crossing our solar system. It was baptized 2I / Borisov after its discoverer and currently employs astronomers around the world.
2I / Borisov: Comet was discovered by amateur astronomers in the Crimea
The said body was discovered in Crimea by an amateur astronomer named Gennady Borisov. He looked up at the sky with a self-made telescope and further observations confirmed his first suspicions. It is actually an unknown comet that does not come from our solar system. It is only the second of its kind to be spotted flying through.
The great opportunity for astronomers now is to glimpse a strange solar system up close. Apparently, the comet resembles those of our own system, as reported by the Canary Islands astrophysical institute. According to the International Astronomical Union (IAC), the comet is clearly of interstellar origin and is currently moving on a so-called hyperbolic orbit that takes it out of our system.
Comet was sighted before approach - and can be observed for several months
But before that happens, astronomers can observe it closely. In contrast to its predecessor, 2I / Borisov has already been spotted on its approach, which means that it can be examined from Earth for many months. "The object will reach its greatest brightness in mid-December and can then be seen with medium-sized telescopes until April 2020," explains Davide Farnocchia of the US space agency Nasa. "From then until October 2020 it will only be possible to observe it with larger, professional telescopes".
The predecessor of the new visitor: 1I / 2017 U1 "Oumuamua".
First findings about Comet 2I / Borisov raise hopes in science
According to the first findings, the comet is estimated to be 2 to 16 kilometers in diameter. At the same time, the celestial body appears to be similar to our comets - because as IAC researcher Julia de León puts it, the spectrum of the tail star is similar to ours. This observation suggests that comets could form in other solar systems through processes similar to ours, added de León's colleague Javier Licandro.
The observation goes beyond individual findings. The fact that two such objects have already been discovered within just two years may allow a new way of researching certain processes in other solar systems.
Asteroids keep the researchers busy. Just recently a giant asteroid sped past Earth and came dangerously close.
"Absolutely reprehensible": Rachel Johnson appalled by brother
Boris Johnson is getting lonely. First his younger brother leaves the cabinet, now his sister, with clear words, castigates the warlike language of the prime minister as "tasteless". It's not the brother she knows.
"Surrender", "Fraud", Treaty ": Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under pressure and is continuing to arm himself - at least verbally. During Question Time in the House of Commons this Wednesday, this met with massive outrage from the opposition, and more critics have now joined Word reported: dozens of bishops and his own sister Rachel Johnson.
The well-known journalist and author told Sky News that her brother used words like surrender, as if the opponents of leaving the EU should be "hanged, drawn out, quartered, tarred and feathered". You think that is extremely reprehensible. She doesn't recognize her brother's version, said Rachel Johnsons, who ran for the anti-Brexit party "Change UK" in the EU parliamentary elections.
She was particularly annoyed when her brother mentioned Jo Cox, an EU-friendly MP who was murdered by a neo-Nazi a few days before the 2016 exit referendum. Their memory can best be honored by pulling through Brexit, Boris Johnson said in the House of Commons. "It is very distasteful to refer to an MP who was murdered by someone who called 'Britain first'," said Johnson's sister. The perpetrator apparently came from the right-wing extremist camp, which felt empowered "by this type of language". For all who mourned her, it was very tasteless.
Cox's widower also sharply criticized the prime minister. "It makes me sick when Jo's name is used like that," he tweeted. The best way to honor them is to be passionate and determined about what you believe in, whatever your point of view. But one should never "demonize the other side". He also complained that an atmosphere had emerged in which attacks were more likely.
Just a few weeks ago, Boris Johnson's younger brother, Jo, resigned from his post as State Secretary and from his mandate as a Tory MP. "In the past few months I have been torn between loyalty to my family and the national interest - there is an indissoluble tension," said Jo Johnson, explaining the move.
Johnson's language also met with sharp criticism in the Church. As the "Times" reports, all 118 bishops and archbishops of the Church of England criticize the language, which is "not worthy of this country". In a joint statement they declared: "In the past few days, the language, both in debates and outside Parliament, has not been acceptable. We should speak with each other with respect".
Shakira and Jennifer Lopez perform at the Super Bowl
In the year of its 100th anniversary, the NFL is sending a strong signal: two women with Latino roots will appear in the halftime show of the upcoming Super Bowl. They promise "an explosion of fun and energy".
Latina power at the Super Bowl: The superstars Shakira (42) and Jennifer Lopez (50) will deliver the halftime show at the upcoming finals of the US football league NFL. The organizers announced this on Thursday (local time).
"I feel incredibly honored and humble to represent the Latino community next to JLo. Because they have incredible strengths in the US," Shakira said in a video.
The final of the American Football League, which celebrates its 100th birthday next year, will take place on February 2nd in Miami. Many people with Latin American roots live in the metropolis on the southern tip of Florida. Shakira ("Waka Waka") is from Colombia, Lopez ("On the Floor") is of Puerto Rican origin.
"I love that the Super Bowl has two women on stage this time around - and two Latinas," said Lopez. This sends an important message to all Americans and the world. She promises "an explosion of fun and energy" for the show.
The 50-year-old was born in New York after her parents emigrated from Puerto Rico. In the 2000s she had big hits with songs like "Waiting For Tonight" or "Let's Get Loud" and later also released songs in Spanish. Lopez also works as an actress and can be seen in German cinemas in November in the drama "Hustlers".
Shakira became known in Colombia as the star of a telenovela and singer. Her worldwide breakthrough came in 2001 with her first bilingual album and the single "Whenever, Whereever".
The announcement of the half-time guests is eagerly awaited in the USA every time. This year, many see the selection as a political gesture. After all, the country is deeply divided, not least because of President Donald Trump's immigration policy.
The Super Bowl is the largest US sporting event and at the same time a gigantic advertising spectacle. Musicians like Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Madonna, Bruno Mars and the Rolling Stones caused a sensation there. As a rule, well over 100 million TV viewers watch the NFL final, and it is now extremely popular in Germany too.
Political controversy arose in advance of the previous year. The reason was the dispute over quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who refused to rise while playing the national anthem in protest against police violence against black people and was attacked harshly by US President Donald Trump, among others. In solidarity with Kaepernick, some musicians rejected a Super Bowl appearance - including Rihanna and Pink. The fact that the rock group Maroon 5 performed was ultimately criticized by many.
An actor and Youtuber is attacking Egypt's rulers: Mohamed Ali prefers to stay abroad for the time being.
The two men who have an influence on whether blood flows again on the streets of Egypt both spent the past week abroad. One of them floated back into Cairo Airport on Friday. President Abdelfattah al-Sisi returned from the UN General Assembly. The ex-general, who in 2013 ousted the Muslim Brother Mohammed Morsi, the country's first freely elected head of state, had spent a pleasant time in New York: US President Donald Trump had praised Sisi's actions against political Islam and not a single word about human rights violations lost on the Nile - in a week in which Egypt's security forces arrested hundreds of people for daring to protest against the president. He had "no need to worry," said Sisi into the microphones of state television at the airport. "The Egyptians do not allow themselves to be misled".
To lead astray - according to the President, this is what the other man who is currently driving the streets is trying to do. Of course, Mohamed Ali stayed abroad, where he was beyond the reach of the security forces, who would arrest him immediately if he tried to step on Egyptian soil. Weeks ago, the 45-year-old was only known to a minority of Egyptians as an actor. Today he is the leading voice that dominates the political discourse in the country's cafes, living rooms and tea rooms: With his YouTube channel "Mohamed's Secrets", Ali calls on his compatriots to rise up against Sisi.
He approaches the head of state directly and in a thoroughly rustic language. While the people are starving, the president indulges in luxury and has magnificent new palaces built, it says. Ali accuses the army leadership, on which Sisi bases his rule, of corruption and enrichment. Because he did business with exactly these gentlemen for 15 years in his second job as a building contractor, he seems to know pretty much what he's talking about - at least that's the impression of many Egyptians, as the exploding click figures show.
After thousands of people demonstrated against his rule last week for the first time since Sisi's seizure of power and nearly 2,000 citizens, including prominent figures from civil society, human rights lawyers and opposition politicians, were arrested, Ali called for a "millions march" this Friday. It was unlikely that so many people would really dare to take to the streets. But there were isolated, smaller protests, for example in Giza near Cairo and in Kina near Luxor. Videos on social media showed protests, the participants of which accused Al-Sisi of corruption and called for his exit. The police also used tear gas and rubber bullets during these protests. These videos could not initially be verified independently. Security circles said the police had ended the protests.
A massive police presence was reported on Friday from the town of Mansura in the Nile Delta, where protesters tore banners with the president's portrait to pieces last week. Security forces set up checkpoints in the city and on the arteries. In Cairo, several downtown metro stations have been closed for "maintenance work" and most of the streets around Tahrir Square, the heart of the 2011 revolution, have been blocked. And on Rabaa Square, where supporters of the fallen Muslim Brother Morsi holed up in 2013 until the army took them under fire and killed up to 800 people, another measure was intended to prevent the dissatisfied from gathering: Sisi's future party wanted a mass rally here, of all places hold for the president.
Mohamed Ali prompted these precautions to change his tactics: "Our goal does not have to be Tahrir Square," said Ali into his video camera in Barcelona. "Let's not bump into police officers". However, this should not be understood as a withdrawal: "All of Egypt is Tahrir Square".
If the provider promises too much performance
If the Internet connection always seems to be much slower than advertised by the provider, there are various test options.
Anyone who concludes an Internet contract does not need to blindly trust the speed information provided by the provider. In the event of anomalies, customers can check for themselves how much has actually been achieved.
After all, the transfer rates promised in advance are part of the contract and should therefore also be achieved, explains the Bavarian consumer center.
If the connection always seems much slower than advertised by the provider, there are various test options. The measurement tools of the Federal Network Agency (BNetzA) measure the actual data transmission rates and compare them with the rate agreed in the contract.
"The tests of the providers are carried out according to provider-specific specifications and are therefore not calculated uniformly and objectively," said the Bavarian consumer center on their side to consider.
If the connection is much slower than announced, customers can set the provider a reasonable period of usually 14 days to provide the promised service. It is best to do this in writing by registered mail.
If this does not work even after repeated requests, customers can cancel and, under certain circumstances, claim compensation. But if there is no success, only legal action will help.
First senior Republican for investigation
The governor of Vermont was the first high-ranking Republican to speak out in favor of an impeachment investigation against US President Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important, yes, and where this goes from here will be determined by the facts that are found," Phil Scott said at a news conference Thursday. He wanted to know more about the whistleblower affair before action - impeachment proceedings could lead to the president being dismissed.
Scott said he was not surprised by revelations that Trump had repeatedly called Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyi to investigate interventions by Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. Because Trump has been watching Biden "for years".
Republicans have so far held back criticizing Trump over the whistleblower affair; few have shown discomfort about it. Scott's remarks are a first sign of this in Trump's party. Scott, a moderate Republican, has spoken out against Trump's policies on several occasions, such as easing environmental regulations and tightening immigration regulations.
Spider-Man stays in the MCU: Another Marvel movie planned
It was a shock for all Spider-Man fans: At the end of August it was announced that Sony and Marvel would go their separate ways in the future. Tom Holland's Spider-Man would therefore no longer be part of the "Avengers" universe. It was completely unclear how the Tom Holland films would go on.
Now the surprise: After "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Spider-Man: Far From Home", Spider-Man receives another final third film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Several US media report this unanimously. Accordingly, the theatrical release should already be determined: In the USA, the film should start on July 16, 2021.
Marvel boos Kevin Feige is quoted in the magazine "Screenrant": "I am delighted that Spidey's path is continued in the MCU. I and everyone at Marvel Studios are delighted that we can continue to work on it ... He is him only superhero with the ability to play in different universes as Sony continues to work on its Spidey-Verse. You never know what the future will bring ".
But how does the sudden good news come about? Allegedly, Sony is said to have made an offer to Marvel. According to industry magazines, the Disney group, which also includes Marvel, would have a 30 percent share in the proceeds of upcoming Spider-Man films. However, the message is not confirmed.
Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry appear in the "Suits" finals
After nine seasons, the series "Suits" has now reached the grand finale in the USA. The last episode had many happy endings and just as many cameos. And also the royal couple Prince Harry (35) and his Meghan (38), who worked for many years in the series, were paid tribute in a charming way. Warning, the following sections contain spoilers for the series finale.
First of all: Duchess Meghan did not return in the finale for a final farewell greeting as Rachel Zane, at least not for new scenes. Instead, a few recapitulations showed the most memorable scenes with today's Duchess. For example the moments of the failed and the successful wedding with Mike or how she greets him after his served prison sentence.
But her real husband, Prince Harry, was also mentioned in passing in the "Suits" finale, of course in a wedding scene. When Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman, 49) is walking towards the altar to marry his fiancée Sheila (Rachael Harris, 51), Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht, 47) makes a telling comment about his suit. The perplexed Harvey asks the groom whether he actually threw himself on a frock coat, only to then sniffly remark: "Louis, you are not the Prince of England".
Aegean Sea: Baby and four other children drown in a boat accident
When a refugee boat capsized in the Aegean Sea, a baby and four other children drowned. A total of seven people died in the accident, as the Greek coast guard announced on Friday. The nationalities are still unclear.
The boat sank near the Greek island of Inousses, which lies between the island of Chios and mainland Turkey. Four children, three women and five men were saved.
Hundreds of migrants from Turkey are currently crossing over to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean. Last year, 174 people died on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR). Federal Interior Minister Horst Seehofer has now announced that he will visit both countries.
Together with his French colleague and the responsible EU Commissioner, he wanted to "find out more about the refugee situation" in Turkey, Seehofer said on Friday. Then he wanted to find out more about the "administrative problems of the Greeks" in Athens in order to be able to help with them.
On Friday, a spokeswoman for the EU Commission confirmed Seehofer's planned trip with EU Interior Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos and France's Interior Minister Christophe Castaner.
An unusually large number of migrants from Turkey continue to arrive in Greece. On Tuesday alone, 654 people crossed over to the Greek islands, the Greek Ministry of Citizenship said on Wednesday.
Does the Turkey deal still work?
The increased numbers have recently raised doubts about the functioning of the 2016 EU-Turkey agreement. This provides that the EU can send back all refugees and migrants who come illegally to the Greek islands via Turkey. In return, the EU wanted to take in a Syrian refugee from Turkey for every Syrian deported.
The processing of asylum applications is making difficult progress on the Greek side due to a lack of staff. According to the Ministry of Citizenship, almost 29,400 people are waiting on Lesbos, Chios, Samos, Leros and Kos. The worst is the situation on Lesbos: 5200 migrants are currently housed in a camp with a capacity for 650 people.
The state broadcaster reported that there had never been so many since the EU-Turkey refugee pact came into force in March 2016.
Climate change: heat leads to more heart attacks
According to medical experts, climate change will put the health system to the test in the future. The climate changes are "definitely" one of the greatest challenges for the health system in the next 20 to 50 years, said Andreas Zeiher, President of the German Society for Cardiology. The cardiovascular system in particular was troubled by high temperatures and large temperature jumps within a short period of time and increasingly led to heart attacks. Especially people with cardiovascular diseases, the elderly and diabetics are affected.
Green politician has to answer for embarrassing photo breakdown
The head of the Canadian Greens, Elizabeth May, in the election campaign - was the cup manipulated for this reason?
The Canadian green boss holds a reusable cup in her hand in a photo. But now it came out: the cup was manipulated.
Ottawa / Canada - It went unnoticed for a long time - and in the end it caught the eye. Elizabeth May, the head of the Canadian Greens, never held the reusable coffee mug with a metal straw in her hand. On the party's website, she was seen in a photo with this mug, talking to citizens. However, the photo had already been published and distributed to the media - and the cup was still a bland (cardboard) cup, as the Canadian National Post reported.
Greens boss has to answer for a photo breakdown
The National Post accused May of manipulation and that the party produced fake news in order to appear more credible on the subject of "environmental protection". And that in the middle of an election campaign for the lower house election, in which Trudeau is having an increasingly difficult time because of a bribery scandal.
The photo went viral on social media and sparked discussion about fake news. A user shares a comparison of the photos and writes: "The Greens manipulate a photo of their chairmen in order to conceal their disposable cups".
May was shocked and protested on her blog that she had not known about this action. To underline that, she immediately posted the original: You, talking to citizens, a cup in your hand. However, she corrected, it was made of bamboo. You always have it with you. A spokeswoman for the party said it was only a matter of including the party logo in the picture, and not to cover up anything. Only a section of the photo can be seen on the website.
May writes that she is sorry for the employee who did this. "I don't want to call him stupid, but there was nothing to hide," she told the Guardian, and at the same time asked something from her over-committed team: "If you feel like editing a picture again, you can't do anything make my face look younger? "
The German Greens have also gotten into shit storms because of their use of disposable plastic or because of air travel - their pictures, however, were not photographed. The head of the Bavarian Greens, Katharina Schulze, ate ice cream with a plastic spoon on vacation, as merkur.de * reported.
Influencer wants free upgrade: Lifelong flight ban at Cathay
Allegedly, Jaqueline Ng was assured an upgrade by email from Cathay Pacific. But when she asked for it at check-in, she was not allowed on board - and she should never be allowed to fly with Cathay again.
Getting an upgrade for Business Class spontaneously - that's what many passengers dream of. Sometimes they are lucky and the check-in staff offer a free change from Economy Class.
However, this case shows how it should not be done: A self-declared influencer has actively asked the airline Cathay Pacific for a free upgrade. More than 65,000 users follow Jaqueline Ng on Instagram. She flew from Taiwan to New York on May 30th and flew back on June 7th.
On the outbound flight, the staff refused to upgrade Jaqueline, even though she had shown an email in which Cathay Pacific allegedly offered her the prospect of an upgrade. The influencer claims to have received the letter from a marketing employee of the airline. The airline, on the other hand, accuses Jaqueline of having forged the email.
On the return flight, Jaqueline tried again to get an upgrade for the long-haul flight. This time the woman is said to have presented the same email, but with a different reference number. The employees at JFK Airport were skeptical: They checked with the headquarters. In fact, the employee who allegedly sent the mail is said to have denied contact with Jaqueline. This was also confirmed by the mail system in which the messages did not appear.
The airline employees at the airport canceled Jaqueline's ticket and imposed a lifelong flight ban with Cathay Pacific. For 1,400 US dollars (around 1,280 euros) she had to buy a new ticket to Taiwan.
With her case, the influencer turned to Elliot Advocacy, a company that represents consumer interests. Because Cathay had reimbursed her for the price of her original ticket, but Jaqueline also claimed back the cost of the new ticket.
But as long as Jaqueline does not submit the metadata of the email, the case remains clear: The influencer has committed fraud for Cathay, she remains blocked for future flights. The airline's terms and conditions also state that it does not have to pay for the new flight. Jaqueline does not want to be satisfied with that - and now hires a lawyer.
Oil prices decline after ceasefire report in Yemen
Oil prices fell by more than a dollar in a very short time on Friday afternoon. Most recently, a barrel (159 liters) of North Sea Brent cost 61.83 US dollars - around 1.4 percent less than the previous day. The price of a barrel of American West Texas Intermediate (WTI) fell 1.3 percent to $ 55.77.
The price slide was triggered by a report in the Wall Street Journal about a ceasefire in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is said to have agreed to a ceasefire in four areas.
A drone attack on the oil facilities in Saudi Arabia brought five percent of global oil production to a standstill in mid-September. The Houthi rebels in Yemen, a country of civil war, allied with Iran, claimed the attacks for themselves. Like the US government, Saudi Arabia blames Iran. A ceasefire would ease political tension in the region.
If an agreement is actually reached, one could focus on growth and demand concerns, said Ole Hansen, head of the raw materials strategy department at Saxo Bank of the Bloomberg news agency.
The oil price continues its downward movement of the past few days. A week ago, a barrel of WTI oil cost almost $ 59 and Brent almost $ 65.
Most recently, Bloomberg had reported, citing Insider, that the repair work on oil facilities in Saudi Arabia is progressing faster than expected after the attack in mid-September. Accordingly, the production volume has again reached a volume of eight million barrels per day and is moving back in the direction of the original volume.
Most recently, there were several press reports citing insiders, which reported rapid progress made by the state oil company Saudi Aramco with the repair work. Commodity experts pointed out, however, that Saudi Aramco is currently planning an IPO and wants to avoid negative headlines.
At the same time, there were signs of some easing of the tension in the conflict between Iran and Western countries: the British oil tanker "Stena Impero" is on its way to leave the port more than two months after being seized by Iran and the recently given clearance. The crew is now preparing to depart while the ship is still at anchor, shipping director Erik Hånell told Swedish radio on Friday morning in an SMS.
However, the United States announced that it would be sending anti-missiles and soldiers to the Iranian archenemy in Saudi Arabia. Fears of an escalation between the Islamic Republic and countries like the USA and Great Britain had at times pushed oil prices up significantly in recent weeks.
Allegations against Trump are worsening
In the affair of possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump, allegations of cover-up against the White House have been raised. Several leading government employees tried hard to prevent access to the text of the conversation after a contentious telephone conversation between Trump and the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky at the end of July. This was explained by an anonymous whistleblower. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Democrat Nancy Pelosi, explicitly accused the White House of "covering up". Trump spoke of a "witch hunt".
North Korea considers third Trump and Kim summit to be questionable
North Korea has expressed doubts that the nuclear dispute will soon see a third summit between ruler Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump. The sense and the chances of success of such a meeting are questionable due to the lack of progress in the implementation of the agreements of the first summit in Singapore, said top diplomat Kim Kye-gwan on Friday, according to the KCNA agency.
The US has so far done nothing to implement the resolutions of the summit last year, said the advisor to the North Korean Foreign Ministry. He also criticized the tightened US sanctions and the joint military maneuvers of the USA and South Korea. But he is hoping for a "wise" and "courageous" decision by Trump so that there will be a rapprochement again.
Trump said on Monday that he wanted to know what a third summit with Kim would bring before he agreed to do so. Negotiations on the disarmament of the North Korean nuclear and missile program have stalled since the failed second summit of Trump and Kim in Hanoi in February. In June the two met in the demilitarized zone between the two Korean states. They agreed to revive the deliberations, but so far without much success.
Prince Harry: Arms manufacturers should help with mine clearance
Dressed in a blue splinter vest, the British Prince Harry symbolically detonated and destroyed a demolition mine in Angola. He established the ignition circuit near a camp run by the British Halo Trust near Dirico. The explosive device exploded at a safe distance. With a view to the goal of getting Angola free of mines by 2025, he later demanded in front of the TV cameras: "I call on all the countries whose names are on these weapons, but who have not helped clear them up, to pledge to help ".
Pound under pressure - interest rate cut expected
British pound under pressure
Given an imminent rate cut, the pound is depreciating against the euro.
Frankfurt Speculation that the Bank of England (BoE) will cut interest rates soon is affecting the pound sterling. The British currency fell on Friday by up to 0.4 percent to $ 1.2269.
The sales were triggered by comments by central banker Michael Saunders. He brought an interest rate cut into discussion, even if a chaotic Brexit could be averted, as the uncertainty would affect the British economy for the foreseeable future. This statement is surprising as Saunders is an advocate of a restrictive monetary policy, said analyst Ricardo Evangelista of the brokerage firm ActivTrades.
Last week, the Bank of England had already pointed out the burdens on the economy from the Brexit hack, without directly signaling a rate cut. Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to lead his country out of the EU without a divorce agreement on October 31 if necessary.
More: The British Prime Minister has taken a high risk with his provocations. But it could pay off for him, says Handelsblatt editor Kerstin Leitel.
Doping: Further Russian manipulations proven
Material from the Moscow analysis laboratory is manipulated - this is confirmed by David Howman, former director of the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) and today's head of integrity at the World Athletics Federation.
At the start of the World Athletics Championships, new details about the doping scandal in Russia are coming to light - and they are destroying what little credibility Russian sport had regained at the beginning of the year, even in part. In January 2019, the Moscow doping laboratory finally delivered the requested samples from 2012 to 2015 to the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada). Now it turned out: They were faked.
In December 2014, systematic cheating in Russian sports was revealed. The Wada then banned the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (Rusada) for three years. During this time, Russian athletes were not entirely banned from the world stage. After an individual examination, the International Olympic Committee had around 270 athletes from the country compete under a neutral flag at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio, and 168 Russian athletes took part in the Winter Games in February 2018. They were also allowed to take part in the World Cups in various sports, and in the summer of Russia the World Cup took place with the host as a participant.
There are no positive results
In the following September, the Wada lifted the Rusada ban, but demanded access to the laboratory and the said samples. The data should provide information about the extent of the cover-up of doping cases in state doping. They should help punish athletes retrospectively. They were finally delivered three months later.
The chairman of the independent integrity commission (AIU) of the World Athletics Federation (IAAF) has now confirmed that the doping data from the Moscow analysis laboratory has been manipulated. "Yes. We received the data nine months ago. We should check whether the task force has received the correct data," said David Howman in an interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung on Friday. "We found numerous discrepancies between the data Wada received from a whistleblower and the data it received from the Russians in January". Many positive findings that were mentioned in the McLaren Report were missing.
The World Cup not affected
This confirms the position of the IAAF: The athletics federation is the only organization to hold on to the ban on Russia. 30 Russian athletes start under a neutral flag at the World Cup in Doha. They had to prove that they were training and taking tests outside of the Russian system.
At the beginning of this week, the Wada had already put manipulations into the room and asked Russia to respond to the allegations within three weeks. Russia is now threatened with another ban on Rusada and, in the worst case, expulsion from the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
