Four members of the Kemerovo group were detained in Estonia and Spain
According to Postimees, the police detained Slava Gulevich, the leader of the so-called Kemerovo faction operating in the Estonian underworld in Spain, known as Slava Kemerovski in the criminal world.
Gulevich, who was detained in Spain, was arrested with the court's permission.
Yesterday, the court also detained three suspects detained in Estonia.
The suspect is a member of the so-called Kemerovo criminal group, aged 27-57, who mainly commits drug offenses.
The alleged leader of a criminal organization was detained in Mijas, Malaga, Spain.
In Estonia, three men were detained as suspects, one of whom is a leading figure in a criminal association and two are members of a criminal association.
The data collected suggest that there was a clear division of tasks and roles in the criminal organization.
The purpose of the activities of the criminal association was to commit drug crimes and thereby earn criminal proceeds, "commented Vahur Verte, the public prosecutor, the head of the pre - trial proceedings in the criminal case.
"We do not rule out that the number of suspects in this criminal case will increase," the prosecutor added.
These are people who have been in the interest of law enforcement in the past, and some of them have been punished for drug offenses.
Mr Verte emphasized that cooperation with his Spanish colleagues had been important throughout the investigation.
"International co-operation has become commonplace for us, and this week's operation shows the success of the co-operation," commented Prosecutor Verte.
Ago Leis, head of the Central Criminal Police Service, said the detentions were preceded by almost a year and a half of pre-trial investigation.
"In the first half of the week, the long-term work was realized and we detained criminal suspects in Estonia and Spain at the same time," he said.
Leis added that central criminal police officers assisted in his detention in Spain.
We have had good contact and mutual understanding with the Spanish police and civilian guards for years.
These arrests are another message to criminals that we will get them from the other end of Europe, "said Leis.
The information gathered so far clearly indicates that, while at large, suspected men may continue to commit new crimes, which is why the prosecutor's office requested their arrest and the court upheld it.
A man arrested in Spain is awaiting his extradition to Estonia.
In this criminal case, real estate, vehicles and cash have been seized to secure confiscation.
Pre-trial proceedings in a criminal case are conducted by the Organized Crime Bureau of the Central Criminal Police and managed by the Public Prosecutor's Office.
In 2005, the Tallinn City Court convicted Slava Gulevich of blackmail and sentenced her to five years in prison.
In the middle of the last decade, Gulevich was considered the second most important man in the Estonian criminal world after the then underworld leader Nikolai Tarankov.
Gulevich from Kemerovo emerged in the Estonian underworld in the early 1990s when he began blackmailing in Tallinn.
He allegedly taxed taxi drivers and prostitutes at various hotels and demanded a monthly roof tax from businessmen.
Joint international operations, confiscations of proceeds of crime and finalized judgments confirm the effectiveness of the fight against organized crime.
For example, recent judgments, eight defendants separated from the so-called Dikayev criminal association with € 80,000 in confiscated proceeds, or the conviction of nine people in 2006 of Igor Aleynikov for setting up a criminal organization to smuggle smuggled cigarettes and commit crimes related to human trafficking in the East. In Virumaa and Southern Estonia.
The amount of confiscated criminal income there is almost 71,500 euros.
Success in these criminal cases has been ensured by the fact that police officers exchange information with foreign colleagues on a daily basis and prosecutors with evidence and, where necessary, take action together in any country of the European Union.
A civil rights group warns against traveling to Missouri
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) has warned black people traveling to Missouri about the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
The group's statement states: "The NAACP Travel Note for the state of Missouri, which runs until August 28, 2017, calls on all African-American travelers, visitors, and Missourians to be especially vigilant and cautious when traveling around the state, given the suspicious racial events of the entire race. has recently taken place across the state and is also outlined here. "
According to the NAACP, the group was prompted to issue a travel warning by both the recent Missouri law, which makes it more difficult to win discrimination cases, and the fact that state law enforcement targets disproportionately targeted minorities.
"People 's civil rights are being violated.
They are pulled to the edge of the road because of their skin color, beaten or killed, "Rod Chapel, president of the NAACP Missouri branch, told The Kansas City Star.
"We have never received so many complaints before."
This is the first such warning issued by the organization for a US state.
The group referred to events such as racist insults against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of 28-year-old black Tory Sanders from Tennessee.
Sanders died earlier this year in suspicious circumstances after running out of gas while driving through the state and being arrested by Missouri police without being charged with a crime.
In addition, the note refers to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General, which shows that black drivers are 75% more likely to be stopped in the state than white drivers.
"The note is designed to make people aware and warn their families, friends and co-workers about what might happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
"People need to be prepared, whether it's taking bail money or informing relatives that they're passing through the state."
According to the latest data from the FBI's Hate Crime Reporting Program, 100 hate crimes were documented in Missouri in 2015, ranking the state 16th in the state in terms of the number of similar violations.
The travel warning is also a response to Missouri's new law, which makes it harder to sue a company for discrimination in search of housing or work.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had previously issued travel notes for Texas and Arizona after those states passed immigration laws that required local authorities to arrest people for immigration violations because the ACLU said it would increase racial profiling.
Travel alerts are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but interest groups have recently begun to use this measure in response to certain U.S. laws and trends.
Hepatitis: What could everyone know about the different forms of this serious disease?
Hepatitis or inflammation of the liver can be caused by five different types of hepatitis A, B, C, D and E.
All of these viruses cause acute inflammation of the liver tissue.
However, the malignant course is chronic hepatitis B and C, which can progress to liver cirrhosis, or liver wrinkles and liver cancer.
Kuulo Kutsar, Adviser of Epidemiology of the Health Board, says that the symptoms of acute hepatitis are the same for all types of hepatitis - fever, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, gray stools, dark urine, muscle and joint pain and yellowing of the skin and mucous membranes.
The last symptom of the disease is also the popular name of jaundice jaundice.
In children, hepatitis can be asymptomatic.
The different types of hepatitis can only be identified on the basis of laboratory data.
Acute hepatitis can progress to chronic hepatitis and last for decades without symptoms, meaning that a person may not know anything about their dangerous liver disease.
Kuulo Kutsar points out the different forms of hepatitis and describes their course in more detail.
Hepatitis A viruses spread from a sick person and infect us through eating contaminated food or drinking water, sex, the feces of an infected person, and hands from food, surfaces, objects, mouths, and drug use.
Hepatitis A infection includes family members and caregivers, people with chronic liver disease, people who have sex with men, men who have sex with men, drug addicts, and travelers visiting countries with a high prevalence of hepatitis A.
Infection can be prevented by vaccination, especially for people who travel a lot and are at risk of hepatitis A.
In addition, daily hygiene is important: wash or disinfect your hands, wash all fruits and vegetables before eating.
Hepatitis B viruses are spread through contact with the blood of a sick person, drug injection, tattooing, piercing, the use of blood-contaminated household items (toothbrushes, razors), donor blood, sex with a person suspected of having hepatitis, and from mother to fetus / newborn.
The risk group for hepatitis B infection includes injecting drug users, sex partners of infected people, men who have sex with men, newborns of infected mothers, sick family members and carers, healthcare and rescue workers and police exposed to blood and other body fluids, and travelers to high hepatitis B countries.
People can be vaccinated to prevent hepatitis B; in particular, it is recommended that people at risk be vaccinated, as well as people with chronic liver disease, HIV infection, sexually transmitted diseases and diabetes.
Other measures to prevent hepatitis B include: avoiding the use of foreign hygiene and manicures, other sharps and syringe needles, tattooing and piercing, and using a condom for sexually transmitted sex or sexual risk behaviors.
Hepatitis B vaccination is part of the national immunization plan in Estonia and free of charge for children.
Hepatitis C viruses are spread through contact with a sick person's blood, drug injection, tattooing, piercing, the use of blood-contaminated household items, donor blood, sex with a person suspected of having hepatitis, and from a mother to a hepatitis patient to the fetus / newborn.
At-risk-of-hepatitis C infections include injecting drug users, sex partners of infected people, men who have sex with men, newborns of infected mothers, sick family members and caregivers, health and rescue workers and police officers exposed to blood and other body fluids, people living with HIV passengers.
Hepatitis C prevention measures include: avoiding the use of foreign hygiene and manicures, other sharps and syringe needles, tattooing and piercing, and the use of condoms for infectious sex.
There is no vaccine against hepatitis C.
Hepatitis D is caused by the hepatitis D virus, which multiplies in the presence of the hepatitis B virus.
Therefore, hepatitis D infection co-occurs with hepatitis B or as a superinfection in patients with chronic hepatitis B.
Hepatitis D viruses are spread through contact with blood and other body fluids, syringe needles contaminated with them, sexually, and rarely from an infected mother to the fetus.
Hepatitis D risk groups include chronic carriers of the hepatitis B virus and people who are not immune to hepatitis B.
An effective preventive measure is vaccination with hepatitis B vaccine, which also protects people from becoming infected with the hepatitis D virus.
Hepatitis E viruses are spread through the faeces and orally through drinking water and food, including the consumption of lightly cooked beef, fish and shellfish, donor blood, shared syringes, and the infected mother to the fetus.
Travelers can become infected in countries with a high incidence of hepatitis E.
Hepatitis E prevention measures include compliance with hygiene requirements: wash or disinfect hands after going to the toilet, before cooking and eating, after caring for the patient.
Wash fruits and vegetables before consumption, avoid eating lightly cooked beef, fish and seafood, drink only safe drinking water and refrain from using drugs.
Although in the final round, competitors tried to push the four-time Olympic winner off the track, 34-year-old Farah found strength in the finish line and won with a time of 26.49.51.
Farah didn't think long, dragging her husband Tania and children to the track after the finish.
It was a special moment for me.
I miss my family very much.
It was wonderful to be on the track with them, "Farah told reporters.
Farah is aiming for 5,000 and 10,000 meters of golden doubles in the fifth consecutive title race in London.
Anything is possible if you believe in it.
Despite the title, Anne-Marie O'Connor's "Lady in Gold. An Extraordinary Story of Gustav Klimt's Masterpiece, Adele Bloch-Bauer's Portrait" delves much deeper into the cultural life of Vienna in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
But even more thoroughly into history.
The awe-inspiring amount of information would have worn off, perhaps a harder trimming ax, a narrower topic would have allowed the extraordinary story allowed in the title to have more of an impact.
There are now, as it were, two books between the covers: the story of Gustav Klimt and Adele Bloch-Bauer in his painting "Lady in Gold" and a much larger and more comprehensive history book about respected Jewish families and the German occupation with its aftermath in Austria.
The first third of the book takes you into the bustling cultural life of Vienna, and those who find themselves in the Austrian capital can easily imagine how life went around the Ringstraße more than a hundred years ago or how everyone turned their heads in the Central Café when Klimt entered.
The concentration of cultural figures was high in one of the richest cities in Europe, and seeing a familiar name in the book makes you feel a little more cultural.
At the same time, for example, the fact that Sigmund Freud was active in a city with incurable syphilis and the highest suicide rate in Europe seems to add nothing to the development of the story.
Or maybe - every few sentences of brushstroke also adds colors to the cultural life of Vienna at the beginning of the 20th century.
A dream trip to the Soviet Union
In the last decades of the 19th century, the number of Jews in Vienna had exploded, becoming the largest Jewish community in Western Europe.
At the turn of the century, almost every tenth inhabitant of Vienna was Jewish.
Adele's parents were also newcomers to Vienna, but by the time Adele married the Czech sugar magnate Ferdinand Bloch twice and posed for Klimt for his famous paintings, his father's bank had already become the seventh largest bank in the Habsburg Empire.
But Adelet was not drawn to the whole glamorous life she belonged to.
If you look at "Lady in Gold", it's hard to believe that towards the end of her life, this great lady was infected with socialism and dreamed of a trip to the Soviet Union.
By 1903, when Ferdinand Bloch decided to commission a portrait of his wife from Klimt, the last minute was the hottest painter in Vienna.
Klimt's order at that time cost 4,000 kroons, a quarter of the price of a well-located country house.
The fact that in some portraits the master's love story with the model was suspected did not discourage the sugar magnate.
As for Adele, the only certain fact is that the close relationship between the model and the artist, which developed during the work, continued until the end of life.
Anne-Marie O'Connor - "Lady in Gold.
Gustav Klimt's masterpiece, an extraordinary story of Adele Bloch-Bauer's portrait ", Varrak 2016, translated from English by Aldo Randmaa.
Just before starting work with Adele, Klimt had visited the Basilica of San Vitale in Ravenna, and researchers think that the glorious mosaics of Empress Theodora seen there gave the artist the idea to make a golden portrait of Adele as a painted mosaic.
Klimt presented his "Lady in Gold" in Vienna in 1908, and around the same time (1907-1908) another golden painting, "Kiss," was born.
Art historians did not miss the similarity of the two women.
How is Hitler related to the story?
"I think, in memory of my friend Klimt, I owe him to make his handicraft available to the public," Adele Bloch-Bauer wrote to the director of the Belvedere Museum a few years after the artist left (Klimt died in February 1918) and wished their family's Klimt collection to go to the museum. .
Six years before his death, Klimt had another portrait of Adele.
Also in his will (Adele left in February 1925) he asked his wife to leave his two portraits and four landscape paintings by Gustav Klimt to the Austrian Gallery.
He bequeathed his jewelry to his nieces Maria and Luis.
A year after Klimt had graduated from the "Austrian Mona Lisa", 17-year-old Adolf Hitler had tried to enter the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts, but failed the drawing exam.
Although Hitler's later anti-Semitism is sometimes thought to be due to the fact that he was not admitted to the academy by Jewish professors, none of his examiners were actually Jewish.
In any case, the task of the Austrian Gallery, referred to in Maria's will, had changed considerably by 1939 - it had become important to find works that appealed to the Nazi parties from Vienna's rich Jewish art collections.
Some of Adele's home works were also suitable for Hitler's personal art treasure, but not Klim's.
Sixty years after the Nazi art robbery, a ten-year lawsuit began between the Austrian government and the heirs of the Bloch-Bauers.
It should be noted that if you see "Kiss" in Belvedere Castle in Vienna, then "Lady in Gold" depicting Adele Bloch-Bauer must be seen driving to the Neue Gallery in New York.
And before the trip to Vienna, read the aforementioned book.
Even if you don't plan to go to see Klimt's works, at least my emotions revolved around the Nazi and Jewish theme after the book closed than the painting and model Adele Bloch-Bauer, which sold for $ 135 million.
So not so much a portrait as the story of the family's destiny - and a very moving story.
The Bauer family tree mentioned at the beginning of the book facilitated the orientation in the events considerably.
The 17-year-old swimmer was very close to the Estonian record in Canada
In the preliminary swim, Gold was 2.16.62, swimming very close to his own 200 m backstroke personal record.
The top mark comes from a 17-year-old peak a week ago, when the Canadian Junior Championships were 2.16.58, Priit Aavik's Swimming Blog mediates.
Gold made it to the last or tenth A-final.
In the final, he covered the distance with a time of 2.15.76 and reached a good seventh place with a new powerful top mark.
Gold was just over half a second behind Alina Kendzior's Estonian record (2.15,13).
Gold rose to third place in Estonia's all-time rankings and his fresh personal top mark is Estonia's fifth ever result.
Young hopes for the future are still starting in the 100 m, 200 m and 400 m freestyle and 200 m and 400 m complex swimming at the Canadian Adult Championships.
The Canadian Junior Championships took place in Toronto last week, and Gold made successful starts there as well.
He won the silver in the 200m freestyle with a time of 2.03.22.
This distance was last flooded by an Estonian last time in 2008.
Only Estonian record holder Elina Partõka has swum this distance in Estonia faster than Gold.
The Estonian living in Canada also won a bronze medal in the 100 m freestyle with an excellent personal record and the top mark of the new Estonian season 56.66.
For example, Kertu Ly Alnek, a year older than him, has swim this distance only a hundred times faster.
He reached his personal top mark in another 100 m backstroke, receiving a time of 1.03.69 at the opening of the relay.
In the half distance, he only reached the seventh place when he swam in the final 2.17,31.
Gold is currently leading the Estonian season chart in four different distances.
President Trump is on vacation, critics are sharpening his teeth
The holiday season is here - it also means relaxation for US President Donald Trump.
However, as Trump has so far been one of the president who has taken the most holidays, critics are already sharpening their teeth.
According to USA Today and CNN, the president plans to spend a 17-day vacation at the eponymous golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Although the president's holiday began yesterday, Trump's opponents have been talking about the holiday for a week.
They accuse Trump of resting too often.
Namely, it is the custom of the president to spend weekends in his villas in Florida, Virginia and New Jersey.
By the way, Trump is not the most rested president in his 196 years.
For example, George W. Bush managed to be on vacation for 67 days, while Barack Obama was half less than Trump, only 21 days.
However, Trump tends to forget things quickly.
Counted days after becoming president, Trump said in a "60 minutes" that there would be no time for long vacations during his tenure because a lot needed to be done.
He also resented Barack Obama's holiday three years ago.
The current president wrote on Twitter at the time: "While Obama is on vacation, playing golf, attending parties and jazz concerts, ISIS is cutting off journalists."
According to White House officials, a 17-day visit to a golf club is not really a relaxation.
This is officially called work leave, during which Trump does not have time for reading or other hobbies.
In addition, there had to be another reason for working leave.
Namely, the air conditioning system in the west wing of the White House will be replaced and therefore all the staff had to leave.
In the west wing there is also the Oval Cabinet and other offices of the President.
"I don't think any of you would want to be in the west wing in August when it's 38 degrees and there is no air conditioning," said White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters, who stressed that the president would continue to work during the holidays.
You can get an idea of where President Trump will spend the next 17 days in the video.
Blocking critics from Facebook - don't run for public office if you can't stand voter criticism
The father of our country knew so much about unfavorable media coverage.
The Americans loved George Washington, but it didn't take long for the newspapers to start choking him for everything from domestic politics to his political principles.
Criticism, of course, irritated him.
But he did not force his critics to remain silent.
Because in 1783, Washington said that "freedom of speech may be taken away from us, and we may be led in silence and silence like sheep to massacres."
This brings me to the Governor of Maryland, Larry Hogan, who has to work hard to be more like Washington.
Hogan's subordinates have blocked and deleted posts from at least 450 people who posted their opinions on his official Facebook page.
And towards the beginning of the week, he was sued by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).
The governor's office stamped the lawsuit as void, and online comments were teeming with backlashes in the "Who cares?" Style.
"It's just Facebook," many said.
But it does matter.
And that matters a lot when it comes to a man like Hogan.
He is an amazingly popular Republican governor in a predominantly democratic state.
His approval rate ranks second among the country's 50 governors.
Hogan is not a thoughtless reactive head.
He has led the state with a firm hand and stuck to his principles.
In addition, he has used Facebook as a key tool in communicating with his constituents, for example, by presenting his bald head cheerfully for the first time after chemotherapy.
Thus, blocking people who visit the governor's page - an officially labeled public forum run by staff paid from taxpayers' dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokesman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's behavior, arguing that blocking comments was nothing more than moderation.
But it's too easy to paint a picture of online trolls, spammers, or angry people on the web.
The Post talked to several real people who were blocked by Hogan.
And that's exactly what they are - real people who interact with their elected leaders. Teacher, business owner and pastor, not internet trolls.
They all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not at all obscene.
In his post, the pastor quoted the Bible, emphasizing Hogan's Catholicism.
Lakshmi Sarma Raman, a lawyer from Bowie, Maryland, did not incite anger, but about real hate crimes.
"I politely commented that I was disappointed that he had not responded to hate crimes or other recent news," he wrote in the commentary section of The Post's news story.
"I also don't like the idea that when a lot of people comment on the same subject, someone immediately calls it an indifferent collective effort, instead of acknowledging that it is a large number of concerned citizens."
What the governor's office called a "targeted spam attack" would probably be called "public support" by others.
The Facebook era makes it easy to match messages by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
It is much cleaner than in the old days, when workers had to be sent out to do the same, to gather newspapers with critical editorials and burn them, or to arrest protesters and force them to remain silent.
But that's exactly what's happening right now, just digitally.
Hogan is not the first government official to be criticized for making Facebook and other social media channels bite-free.
President Trump has sued Twitter users who have been blocked from his Twitter stream.
One of the first landmark judgments on the subject was made last week in Virginia.
U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris ruled in Alexandria that the chairwoman of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment to the Constitution by blocking a voter from her Facebook page.
In Kentucky, the ACLU also visited Governor Matt Bevin (R) for using Facebook and Twitter.
It shouldn't be that hard.
During Washington, affordable postage had a similar effect as the Internet.
Between 1776 and 1800, the number of newspapers quadrupled and his management was overshadowed by anonymous writers.
And even then, Washington had to deal with anonymous trolls.
People wrote to newspapers under pseudonyms such as Juricola, Valerius, Belisarius and Portius, making Washington's decisions flat.
According to historical documents collected as part of George Washington's online mail-gathering project, his cabinet was buried in petitions criticizing his views on friendship, trade and shipping agreements with Britain.
But he did not force them to remain silent.
Freedom of speech, dissent and debate are the cornerstones of our country.
And proper leadership means accepting it.
Ronan Rafferty hopes for the comfort of a Renaissance Club home
Former European lead Ronan Rafferty is hoping for home comfort over the next three days as the 25th Scottish Senior Open takes place on East Lothian's Renaissance Club golf courses.
The Northern Irishman, who was driving on the neighboring Archerfield Links last year before the last lap before descending to Paul Eales, is attached to the new venue and will act as a tournament ambassador instead of Jerry Sarvad, the club's founder and CEO.
"I saw how the Renaissance Club was built, and now we see how the club shines in all its glory with this event," Rafferty said.
"Players see the track in its best form, it's in brilliant condition.
Jerry has done a great job building this place.
He is an avid supporter of the game of golf and is proud of what he has achieved here.
This allows the trail to be perfectly presented. ”
Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending the championship for the first time, although the man has won both the European Tour and the European Challenge Tour during his 32-year career.
"It's a very special feeling," said the player nesting in Southport.
"I could not defend my Extremadura Open title because it was taken off the race calendar a year after my victory.
It's magical to come back to this place.
This is a great place to play golf.
I remember memories of last year, last year's victory was special for me and my wife Sharon.
It was a very special time that we will always have in our hearts. "
Gary Orr, who joined the European Tour of Seniors towards the beginning of this year, when he turned 50, will return to the competition.
This is his first event in Scotland since attending the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
"Playing at home is always a little more meaningful," said Orens, a Helensburgh man.
"You want to perform well, but you also feel the extra tension.
I've really enjoyed playing again and shown a pretty decent game of golf.
I am pleased with the way things have gone so far. "
Former Masters tournament winner Ian Woosnam and senior tour champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty will join the trio on the field.
Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are two of six Scots in the race, the rest being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
Admission is free, and parking costs £ 5 for a car with one passenger and £ 10 for a car with two or more passengers.
All proceeds go to the charity Prostate Cancer UK.
Poverty and death in the golden land of Indonesia
When Bardina Degei is preparing dinner, she does not use the stove.
He even rarely uses the pot.
In a wooden cottage in Enarotal, the capital of the Paniai region of Indonesia's reluctant Papua province, the housewife places a sweet potato called nota in the local language directly on the fire.
After half an hour, the charred tuber is removed from the heat and the skin is washed with unwashed hands.
Degei sits on a mud floor - she has no furniture - and at the same time she does her daily household chores, such as washing laundry with cloudy water from a nearby sex.
A bucket in a roofless room acts as a toilet.
As he is the youngest of his wife's four wives, he is not assigned to take care of any of the fields.
Polygamy is common here.
However, working late can be dangerous - most of the men in the village are unemployed and many of them drink heavily, and there are also soldiers here.
"No one dares to visit the village after five o'clock in the evening," he says.
This is a rare glimpse into life in the highlands of Papua. It is a former Dutch colony that was annexed to Indonesia in 1969 after a controversial referendum in which only 1,026 elderly people were forced to vote with their hands in the eyes of the occupying forces.
The movement, which encouraged the liberation from Dutch supremacy, quickly turned its fury on the Jakarta government, which continues to keep the region under strong control, keeping foreign journalists and human rights monitors out.
In 2003, the province was officially divided into Papua and West Papua, leaving independent Papua New Guinea to the east of the island.
Enarotali is both a distant and an abandoned place. To get here, fly from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire for 90 minutes and then take a five-hour journey in a rental car.
There is no public transport.
The city of about 19,000 inhabitants consists of wooden houses surrounded by bamboo fences and covered with corrugated iron roofs, the rust of which has turned different shades of yellowish brown.
Very few Indonesians have traveled here, let alone journalists, and almost no foreigners have visited here.
Before the arrival of Christian missionaries, the papees of Mee Pago worshiped a god named Uga Tamee.
There were other changes.
"We weren't used to wearing clothes like that," Degei says, referring to her colorful hand-woven turban, dark blouse, and bright skirt.
"Before that, we only wore plant leaves on our bodies."
Papua is the poorest province in Indonesia, with 28% of the population living below the poverty line and infant mortality and illiteracy statistics are among the worst in Asia.
But it is also the golden land of Indonesia.
Just 100 km from Pania, a mountainous province of New Jersey with a population of 153,000, is the world's largest and most profitable gold mine, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran.
In 2015 alone, Freeport mined about $ 3.1 billion worth of gold and copper.
In addition, Papua boasts an estimated $ 78 billion worth of consumer timber.
However, these riches are the source of the papu's suffering, as they lead to the suffocating presence of a powerful Indonesian army.
A 2005 study by The New York Times found that Freeport paid local soldiers and military units approximately $ 20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $ 150,000 per officer.
Papua's efforts to ensure greater autonomy threaten this golden goose and mercilessly.
According to human rights activists, more than 500,000 papua have been killed since 1969, and thousands more have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military.
According to the Asian Commission on Human Rights, the massacre in the highlands of the Papuan tribes in the 1970s was the result of genocide.
Last year alone, Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful protesters in the area.
The Diocese of Birsbane's 2016 "We Lose Everything" report contains testimonies of atrocities committed in the previous year, such as extrajudicial executions, torture (another report found rape and electric shocks to be particularly common) and the brutal repression of peaceful demonstrations.
"The number of victims is difficult to count because such incidents happen every week," said Andreas Harsono, an Indonesian researcher at Human Rights Watch.
The screws have been tightened even tighter as Papua's natural resources have caused an influx of new settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia.
83% of the province's 3.5 million people are Christians, but demographics are changing as Muslim economic migrants arrive from Indonesia's crowded islands of Java, Kalimantan, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
Javanese family canteens sell gado-gado with crispy chicken and mixed vegetables, which is served with peanut sauce.
The locals can't compete with them.
"Migrants began selling chicken and vegetables cheaper in the traditional market than local papua," explains Abeth You, 24, born in Paniai, who moved to the provincial capital, Jayapura, to work.
"Indigenous papua - papua mama-mama [women] - are therefore losing market share."
Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, pledged in his 2014 election campaign to address these inequalities and human rights abuses in Papua.
The former carpenter defeated 27 of Papua's 29 constituencies, including Paniai, on his way to the Jakarta Presidential Palace.
But very little has changed in Papua and the locals feel cheated.
"Our hearts are broken because in 2014, we voted for Jokow in the hope that he will live up to our hopes of restoring justice," says You.
In fact, Paniai was in a slump just two months after Jokow took office in October.
On December 7, 2014, 11 children sang Christmas carols by the campfire in Enarotal when two Indonesian soldiers appeared on a motorcycle out of darkness.
The frightened children told them they should turn on the headlights.
According to local pastor Yavedt Tebai, one of the soldiers was offended by their tone of voice and later returned with four soldiers.
According to the victims and bystanders, the drunken soldiers chased the children and beat them with the handles of their rifles.
One of the soldiers then shot at the children.
One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so brutally that he fell into a coma.
A few hours later, the nearby election commission building was set on fire, and the next day things escalated further.
About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on the football field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.
They wore ceremonial hunting bows and performed a waita dance by the Papuan honey pago tribe, during which they ran around and imitated the birdsong.
Some protesters began throwing stones at police and the military.
As resentment escalated, a command was sent to the soldiers via internal radio. "If the crowd resists more than three times, shoot them," the official document, which has been seen by TIME magazine but has not been published in local media, was said.
Yeremias Kayame (56), an elder in the Kego Koto district of Enarotal, felt threatened and called for peace to be maintained, asking the crowd to go home.
No one wanted to listen.
"Turning around, I was suddenly shot in my left wrist," he told TIME magazine in his bright colors on the porch of the wooden house.
Kayame still doesn't know who the shooter was, but says the bullet came from gathered soldiers.
"There were a lot of people, there were a lot of shots," he adds.
Local man Alfius Youw was hit three times by a cousin who saw him shot.
"I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," Yohanes gloomily told TIME magazine, who, like many Indonesians, uses only one name.
"I saw he was dead ... I kissed him."
Papua Police Chief Inspector Yotje Mende told reporters that his subordinates only ensured the security of his unit because it was attacked.
"We must defend ourselves if we are threatened with death," said Pudjo Sulistiyo, a spokesman for Papua Police in 2015.
"It's a matter of life and death."
According to Human Rights Watch, five young protesters were killed and many were injured.
The news of the killings did not reach Jakarta until the next day.
Three weeks later, Jokowi gave a passionate speech in Jayapura in which he expressed his condolences to the families of the victims and promised to address the abuses in Papua.
"I want to resolve this case now so that it never happens again in the future," he said.
In October 2016, Minister of Security Wiranto said that he would establish an out-of-court mechanism to address past human rights abuses.
But there were apologies almost immediately.
"Most of the crimes happened a long time ago.
Some of these took place in the 1990s and early 2000s.
The thing is, we are committed to solving these crimes, but we have to follow certain processes, "he said.
However, speaking to the TIME magazine in Jakarta on 5 June, Wiranto withdrew his words, saying that he had no intention of setting up a complaints mechanism in Papua.
Instead, he said, "everything is settled by law."
Wiranto, accused by the United Nations of crimes against human rights in connection with the deaths of more than 1,000 people in East Timor during the 1999 bloody independence referendum, said 11 human rights crimes had already been resolved in Papua, including in Paniai.
The families of the Paniai victims accepted such allegations with gloomy distrust.
"I have been questioned four times in the last three years, but no progress has been made," Yohanes said.
"I'm tired."
He says he still lives in fear years later.
"I'm scared," he says.
"I'm afraid the military will arrest me, I'm afraid I'll be shot."
His brother Yacobus confirmed the opinion that the people of Paniai are afraid to dissect the incident.
He said he was beaten by the army after helping to bury the four victims.
"After burying the bodies, the army came to look for me," he says.
The shots haven't stopped.
On Tuesday, Indonesian police shot villagers in the Panei neighborhood in Deiyais.
One person was killed and 17 injured, including children, when a conversation took place between the villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to transport the unconscious man to hospital.
The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw, who drowned while fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to the hospital.
Angry villagers protested on the construction site in front of the company's office.
According to the police, the villagers threw stones at the police officers, to which they responded with warning shots.
But according to locals, a mobile brigade (Indonesian militarized police) began shooting at the people, killing one person.
"We were in a big panic, we are afraid of revenge," Dominggu Badii, 29, who lives near the hospital and saw the injured being wound up, told TIME magazine.
"I've been hiding in my house for two days."
The Deiyai parliament has called for the police officers involved to be brought to justice and for a mobile police brigade to be withdrawn from the area.
Paniai has always been a problem for the Indonesian government.
The lack of meaningful development fuels the discontent of the honey, moni, dani and damali tribes living in the green highlands of papua.
Many of them have joined the Free Papua Movement (VPL), an army of rebels that they say protects the rights of papua by carrying out occasional attacks and abductions among Indonesian soldiers.
Some of the leaders of the VPL are from Pania, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
In response, the army has arrested Paniai and arbitrarily detained thousands of people in recent years on the pretext of "protecting the sovereignty of the country".
Some of them will never show up again.
Among the people of Papua, the Panians are known as a "tragic forgotten place."
Poverty fuels dissatisfaction.
The scarce rice sold at Enarotal is too expensive for locals to buy.
Bread is just as inaccessible.
People grow all their food themselves - mainly sweet potatoes, in addition to a little fruit and leafy vegetables.
Farming is the work of women, each of whom can take care of four or five sweet potato fields.
They usually keep most of the produce for the family, the rest is sold in the local market.
Ten sweet potatoes cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupees (75 cents).
Over time, economic inequalities have intensified between indigenous papua and new migrants, who have arrived in large numbers since the opening of new routes at Nabire Airport.
These few jobs that are available go to better educated and wealthier migrants.
Papaws themselves often lack the capital or skills to run a competitive business.
"Young people are not interested in staying because there are no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, chairman of the Paniai Tribal Council.
Isolation keeps the eyes of the world away from Papua.
In addition, severe restrictions remain on foreign media.
Towards the beginning of this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were expelled from Papua because "they did not follow appropriate practices", even though they had been granted rare filming permission.
According to Phelim Kine, deputy head of Human Rights Watch's Asia division, Jokow's election promises to remove restrictions on reporting to promote transparency and development have not been fulfilled.
"In Indonesia, journalists trying to report from the most eastern troubled provinces in Papua and western Papua are facing new threats - visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.
The lack of a dramatic view of the press means that international pressure on the Indonesian government is largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbors.
In March, six Pacific states - Tonga, Nauru, Belau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands and the Solomon Islands - encouraged the UN Human Rights Council to investigate "various large-scale crimes" in Papua, including the shooting of Paniai.
The same countries have historically supported the VPL.
Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir dismissed the group's accusations, telling reporters in Jakarta: "Indonesia still has a democratic order and freedom of the press, so it would be difficult to bury evidence of human rights abuses."
Local people want more foreign governments to pay attention.
When an official Dutch delegation, led by Kees Van Baar, the country's human rights envoy, visited Jayapura on May 4, locals said they were silent, according to a source who wished to remain anonymous, urging "We want freedom."
Indonesia will hold new presidential elections in 2019, but the papers do not think they will vote for Jokow again.
"Jokowi is a well-meaning man, but he is surrounded by people involved in the shooting of Paniai," says Hobai, chairman of the tribal council.
He wants to make it clear to Jokow that, in addition to the fact that the people of Paniai are constantly threatened by the predatory army, they are suffering from poor educational and health services.
According to Gobai, the people of Paniai, like other popes, consider their vote for Jokow to be a debt he has to pay.
"They don't need money, they want justice," he says.
Despite intimidation and intimidation, the families of the victims of the Paniai shooting survived the last symbolic uprising, burying the body of one of the victims in a land opposite the police station and military base.
Knowing that justice may never be brought to justice, at least they will not let those responsible forget their crimes.
"One of our family members was killed," says Yacobus with his head lowered.
"What else can we do?"
Fire engulfed the Dubai Torch skyscraper for the second time
A fire rushed through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai on Friday, forcing hundreds of residents to flee the 337-meter-high and 79-storey building.
This is the second fire that has devastated a high-rise building called Torch or Torch Tower in just two years.
The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported and no direct cause of the fire was reported.
"We slept and woke up to a fire alarm and people screaming.
We ran down the stairs and it took us about 10 minutes to get down from the 50th floor, "a resident told Reuters who called himself George.
According to Dubai civil protection officials, firefighters extinguished the flame at about 4 a.m. local time (00.00 GMT) and cooled the building.
The government said they were working to provide shelter for the victims.
This incident may again raise questions about the safety of materials used on the exterior of high-rise buildings around the world.
In the course of the investigation carried out by the Torch board after the 2015 fire, it was found that the most damaged were the facade cover - the decorative panels and insulation of the exterior.
British police have said they believe London's Grenfell Tower insulation and façade panels may have contributed to the rapid spread of the June fire, which killed around 80 people.
Look: These phones will probably be selling in the fall
Spring and autumn are a sweet time for tech fans, because then the phone manufacturers will announce their new top models.
Samsung Galaxy S8, Huawei P10 and Sony Xperia XZ Premium came on sale in the spring, and new hit phones for stores are expected in the autumn.
According to Kristjan Seema, Tele2's Marketing and Sales Director, this year is characterized by the innovative design of flagships, an eye iris scanner, an edge-to-edge 4K resolution screen and an ultra-fast processor.
Samsung Galaxy S8 caused great excitement in the world of technology, which has also reached the front of the Estonian smartphone sales chart.
Autumn promises even faster fast charging, a more durable battery, a higher quality camera and greater water and dust resistance for smart enthusiasts.
He added that based on the rumors, it is already possible to make assumptions and predict the four top models that are likely to conquer this year's sales charts.
These four top smartphone models will reach the store shelves later this autumn.
The long-awaited iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus should hit store shelves as early as mid-September.
There are rumors about what the new Apple model looks like and what can be done with it.
While the iPhone 7 did not make a significant difference alongside the iPhone 6s, Apple's tenth birthday is expected to be completely different from the previous ones.
There are four colors: black, white, rose gold and chrome.
One of the elements of the new design is probably the screen, which covers the entire front panel of the phone, the home button has been lost and the fingerprint reader is built into the screen.
Apple design manager JonyIve demands that the new iPhone model look like smooth glass.
There has also been talk of a ceramic version of the iPhone.
In addition to an iris scanner, wireless charging and an even higher quality camera, you can expect a faster A11 processor.
It is definitely one of the most anticipated smartphones of the year.
Pre-ordering of the brand new Galaxy Note 8 will start on August 23.
There have been a lot of rumors about what the new Galaxy Note 8 will look like.
It is rumored to be designed even more for the business user, and the S Pen provides even greater functionality.
Your phone should have two cameras, one with a wide angle and the other with a narrow-angle telephoto lens.
At the moment, no one knows what the two rear cameras are capable of, but in any case, this is Samsung's first test, which is definitely comparable in quality to the iPhone 8.
However, we are looking forward to August 23.
Although Nokia has launched three smartphones led by the Nokia 6 this year, their flagship is still missing - the Nokia 8, which will be unveiled on August 16.
We expect a 5.3-inch edge-to-edge display and ultra-fast Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor and more durable battery from Nokia.
Nokia also talks about the aluminum body and the significant degree of water and dust resistance IP68.
Like Samsung, Nokia's new model has two rear cameras with Zeiss optics.
While Sony's solid flagship has been the XZ Premium so far, the manufacturer has confirmed that at least two smartphones with even more innovative features will be added in the near future.
We are expecting a smartphone that is a little more modest than the XZ Premium, but at least as good or better.
Sony's new model has been speculated to have a screen of at least six inches.
We can see what the reality will bring soon, because traditionally Sony has unveiled its autumn flagship at the international technology fair IFA, which will take place this year on June 1-6. September.
According to leaked transcripts of telephone calls, Trump put pressure on Mexico to pay for the border wall
The Washington Post released transcripts of telephone conversations between US President Donald Trump and Mexican and Australian leaders.
On January 27, Trump sent a phone call to Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to stop announcing that he did not intend to pay for the proposed border wall.
The American president tore the wall with him for public condemnation, saying, "You must not tell the press."
Trump set out his presidential campaign on the promise to build a wall along the southern border of the United States and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
Transcripts of his first speech with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published, revealing a tense exchange of views.
Trump told Turnbull that the agreement that the United States would take in refugees going to Australia was "ridiculous", "ugly" and "stupid." He argued that the agreement reached under the Obama administration would give him the impression of being "crazy" as he has proposed a ban on the relocation of refugees to the United States.
Trump ended the speech by informing Turnbull that "it was the most unpleasant speech of the day."
The Supreme Court did not consider the complaint of OÜ MRP Linna Liinid in a case where the City of Tartu rejected their tender for the procurement of bus line transport from July 2019 to 2029.
This is a directive rejecting the offer of OÜ MRP Linna Liinid in the Tartu bus procurement because the offer did not meet the requirements, explained Anneli Apuhtin, Head of the Tartu City Government Legal Service.
This is a procurement of public bus transport within the city of Tartu for the period 01.07.2019-30.06.2029.
MRP Linna Liinid appealed to the Supreme Court against the decision of the Tartu Circuit Court.
The Supreme Court did not initiate proceedings.
Although many on social media complain that the noise from the Weekend festival disturbs their night's sleep and the whole city is full of drunken celebrants, there are many who do not have a bad word to say about the festival on the beach.
I’m even positively surprised that the festivities in the store were so polite!
I did not see any obscurity or rudeness.
I even saw kindness, "says the lazy Laine.
"It's nice to come, be and enjoy the joy of Pärnu, which is like a hibernation in the winter," he adds happily.
The dull sound of the beach does not disturb the sleep.
While living in the city center, he still heard that music was being played on the beach, now the music has not yet reached his home walls.
"But I hope I hear," he says happily.
Agnes, who also talked to Õhtuleht, says that the big festival is rather good for Pärnu - it contributes a lot to the turnover of local merchants.
In addition, he is glad that so many foreigners have come to visit the summer capital.
The fun of the parties does not disturb the woman.
Although I don't sunbathe on the beach anymore, it's nice that the beach is lively.
And nice that the people are moving and that has been the case three times already, "says the woman.
The first time was probably a little worse.
"Then maybe there were complaints," he muses.
However, according to him, the noise on the beach is normal for summer residents.
"This Weekend is a very good promo for our small town," says Harri, who basks in the park.
Noise and riot have not affected the rhythm of his life either.
But for what ?!
We should save everything.
Think about how this interethnic communication would be better.
The loud music doesn't crush the man.
It doesn't bother me, even though I live nearby.
"Good people can save and there is no harm," he says.
According to him, the guests who came to Pärnu are polite.
"Of course they are a bit exaggerated with the bottles, but the young people are young and the Lord God - let go, but be human and we can do it!" he says.
By that time, the coastal residents have traveled somewhere away, either to relatives or acquaintances.
"But in general, the festival has a positive effect on life - people like this kind of fun," says Tiina, who walked with children in Pärnu.
His family's sleep is not disturbed by festival music either, although last year it sounded even further than this year.
Last summer, the stage was the other way around, so we heard more.
We live outside the city ourselves, in fact, it sounds pretty good far to the Pärnu River, "he says.
Pearson is cutting another 3,000 jobs and cutting dividends to revive the business
British education company Pearson said on Friday it would cut another 3,000 jobs and cut its interim dividends by 72 percent, launching another restructuring program to address the business's predicament.
The redundancies, which, according to CEO John Fallon, are likely to be made redundant in late 2018 and early 2019, will be in addition to the 4,000 jobs lost in the previous restructuring.
In May, Pearson announced plans to cut another £ 300 million ($ 394 million) in spending under the third cost-cutting program to try to revive a business that has been hit hard by the rapid transition to digital learning.
The company, which agreed to sell its stake in Penguin Random House to its partner Bertelsmann last month, said their expectations for the year had not changed since it announced a 1% increase in sales revenue to £ 2.05 billion in the first half of the year.
On Sunday, the rain will continue with warm summer weather
In Estonia, the weather will be warm in summer with the possibility of thunderstorms on Sunday, and the wind gusts are very strong at times.
At night, the weather in Estonia will be cloudy with clearings.
Showers in many places, thunder possible.
Southwest, west wind 5-11, in gusts up to 14, on islands and coasts up to 18 m / s.
The air temperature is 13-17 degrees.
The day will be partly cloudy.
Showers in many places, thunder possible in some places.
Southwest wind 6-12, in gusts up to 15, on islands and coasts up to 20 m / s.
The air temperature is 18-21 degrees.
Convoy attack in Kabul: NATO soldier killed in suicide attack
The suicide bomber, according to officials, attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing one NATO soldier and wounding several others.
A NATO statement said five soldiers and an interpreter were injured.
According to unconfirmed local reports, three civilians were also killed in the incident in the city's Qarabaghi district.
The bombing is the latest in a series of acts of violence to hit Afghanistan this month, killing more than 30 people in the Herat mosque attack on Tuesday.
A suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul on Monday.
A NATO statement said Thursday night's explosion took place when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked with "a man-made explosive device".
According to the statement, all are injured in a stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram airport.
According to correspondents, the growing power of the Taliban and a group known as the so-called Islamic State (ISIS) is a serious concern for the NATO Bagram forces in Qarabagh.
According to the United Nations, at least 1,662 civilians have died in Afghanistan in the first half of 2017, about 20% of them in the capital.
At the end of July, a car bomb killed at least 30 people in Kabul, mainly in the Shiite district.
According to the Taliban, they were behind the attack.
A major bomb attack in downtown on May 31 killed more than 150 people, the most deadly military attack in the country since US-led forces ousted the Taliban in 2001.
The violence highlights the precarious security situation in Afghanistan, while US President Donald Trump is considering increasing the number of US troops assisting the country's military and police.
According to correspondents, the suicide attacks in Kabul in recent weeks have also led to a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and, in particular, President Ashraf Ghana.
Following lawsuits, EPA annulled the decision to postpone the smog order
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) overturned a decision to delay the Obama-era ordinance, which obliges states to limit smog emissions, one day after 15 states sued the agency.
EPA announced its decision to proceed with "2015 ozone determination operations" late Wednesday, saying it demonstrates the agency's commitment to working with states.
"We believe we need to engage in dialogue and listen with our state partners," EPA chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.
In June, Pruitt announced EPA's intention to postpone measurements of ozone levels, which measure pollution in various parts of the country to determine where it should be reduced to meet a more stringent air quality standard, by one year until October 2018.
Fifteen predominantly democratic states, along with the District of Columbia, filed a lawsuit on Tuesday, saying the decision was illegal.
President Donald Trump's government has tried to pull back a number of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama. According to Trump, this is part of a broader plan to boost growth.
But these efforts have provoked backlash from Democrats and conservation groups worried about the effects of pollutants on human health.
The EPA website states that inhaling ozone-containing air "may impair lung function and increase the risk of developing respiratory diseases," such as asthma.
German pigs may come to the party.
German pigs and cattle may come to the party because heavy rains threaten the harvest of the second largest wheat producer in the European Union, writes Bloomberg.
This year, it may be that the weeks of rainfall that preceded the harvest may mean that the fruit for the bread industry is only fit for animal feed.
"The quality of wheat is far worse than last year and worse than in 2015," said Bernhard Chilla, an analyst at Agravis Raiffeisen.
This year, up to 40 percent of German wheat could go to animal feed, which is twice as much as conventional, Agravis predicted.
German farmers, as well as their European counterparts, have been exposed to all kinds of weather this year.
At first, the winter was too dry.
Then came the cold spring, which was replaced by a heat wave in June.
In July, Germany was hit by rainstorms, which continued in August.
Many have turned their eyes to northern Germany, where rain is preventing harvesting.
So far, only five percent of the wheat has been harvested.
Harvesting has not yet begun in most of the area, local harvester Ceravis said.
"These are pretty tough days," said Frank Deckert, a senior trader at Ceravis in Rendsburg.
Consistency in everything, or cunning swings in Finnish interior design
Beautiful nature plays its part in the interiors of trade fair houses, because through the large windows the magnificent views of the shores of Lake Saimaa reach many (living) rooms.
At every step, the striving of our northern neighbors to create both crisp and perfect (energy-efficient) homes is striking.
The skills of Finns to use wood as a construction and finishing material, in the manufacture of furniture and beauties deserve to be admired and also followed.
Both the builder and the (home) designer find exhilarating techniques and smart solutions in trade fair houses.
It is clear that black, white and gray communities, when complemented by wood tones and houseplants, can be very moody.
You can pick up good ideas for another week, because the fair lasts until August 13.
Accessories and herbal pots suggest that cooking is often done in this kitchen.
The night before today, a line was drawn for this year's Weekend Festival Baltic, and Martin Garrix did his best on the main stage to be remembered as the last performer.
The people were really turning around during Garrix's performance - they sang, sang, danced confidently.
When Garrix finished, a common mass spread from Pärnu beach to the city.
We will bring you a gallery with all the pictures that our photographer took during the Weekend for three days.
Surely you are one of them, look up!
Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time to discuss a possible confrontation
Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who are supposed to be on a collision course to face each other in the most attractive boxing match of the near future in the weight category up to 66.7 kg, met for the first time on Thursday.
They were in separate rooms at the ESPN office in Los Angeles until Garcia, the invincible World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked across the hall to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization's featherweight champion.
Following Garcia's unanimous victory over former four-time world champion Adrien Broner on Showtime on Saturday, both fighters are in the top five of the weight table.
Garcia reached out his right hand and said, “How are you, champion?
I wish you luck."
Lomachenko will defend his belt against Miguel Marria on Saturday night at 7pm on ESPN.
When the couple posed for the photos, Lomachenko's manager Egis Klimas noted that a possible confrontation between the fighters would be a "perfect measurement".
"I'm a former featherweight," Garcia recalled.
"I moved up for Broner [to 63.5 kg], but I'm not that big.
I'm small for 63.5 kg.
I want to move down light.
And he has to move upwards with light weight [61.2 kg] and then we can fight.
Fans have wanted it.
Let’s offer it to them then. ”
Lomachenko agreed.
"The boxing world needs this fight."
Klimas raised the question of whether watching it should be paid. It's part of his strategy to have Lomachenko debut in the 61.2kg class later this year to make it possible to meet Garcia (37-0, 30 knockouts) next summer, who also have an interest in fighting the Jorge Linares and Luke Campbell match. winner after their lightweight title round at the Forum on September 23rd.
"Watching this fight could be rewarding because fans have wanted this confrontation," Garcia said, later saying he was open to fighting on any channel that offers the best financial package.
"We are key players.
No other name can get that much attention.
Whenever they are ready ... "
Garcia said he considers Lomachenko a "mighty fighter" and may go see his Saturday match.
Lomachenko, however, was modest in praising Garcia, saying he thought the three-division Riverside champion looked "very slow; sorry, Mikey ... you wanted to knock it out."
According to Garcia, the goal was to show the strength of the shot and then to box.
They both confirmed that they feel the tension between the power struggle between them growing.
"It is a struggle that awaits realization.
No other confrontation produces so much attention and buzz.
I'm more than willing to work for it, "Garcia said.
Lomachenko said: "I've been waiting for the best fighters and Mikey is just that.
It will be a good fight. "
From which corners of the world will you move to Estonia?
Last year, the Police and Border Guard Board (PBGB) extended and issued a record number of more than 13,000 residence permits to third-country nationals who have mostly traveled to Estonia for work, study or family.
If, for example, last year it was decided to issue a temporary residence permit to 6702 foreigners, then last year the number was 4928.
The authorities cannot say how many immigrants will remain in Estonia in the end, but such an analysis will be prepared by the Ministry of the Interior.
If ten years ago almost 500 Ukrainians moved to Estonia a year, then in recent years this number is approaching 2,000.
The number of applicants for a residence permit increased sharply during the crisis in Ukraine - in 2014, 1,087 people received a temporary residence permit, a year earlier 675.
According to Statistics Estonia, the number of Ukrainian citizens is growing the most in Estonia - last year 850 more Ukrainian citizens arrived in Estonia than left.
"The Ukrainian community in Estonia has always been large, and due to the difficult circumstances in the country, it is natural that jobs and study opportunities are sought in a country where the community and many also have a family," said Kristin Rammus, a spokesman for the Ministry of the Interior.
Last year and this year, the number of Ukrainians who received a temporary residence permit was even higher than the number of Russian citizens, although in ten years the largest number of temporary residence permits has been issued to the latter.
If Ukrainians come here to work predominantly, then Russian citizens because of family migration.
"Considering the historical Russian community here, they are more likely to have the greatest family ties with people living in Russia," said Helina Maasing, a migration researcher at the Academy of Internal Affairs.
"If we look at where Russian citizens who have received an Estonian residence permit have moved, then Harju County is immediately followed by Ida-Virumaa," he added, pointing out that about 40 percent of them have married a citizen of the European Union.
Last year, 1,696 Russian citizens received a temporary residence permit, which is also a record number.
At the same time, the number of Russians wishing to extend their residence permit decreased.
"The leap is due to the fact that instead of extending the residence permit, a new residence permit has been applied for to settle permanently in Estonia," explained Rammus, a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Interior.
Foreigners who have lived in Estonia for at least three years can apply for a new residence permit for settling permanently from the previous year.
It aims to encourage adapted people to stay.
However, a long-term resident's residence permit requires, for example, five years.
Due to the new residence permit, the extension of the old residence permit has probably also decreased.
For example, last year such a residence permit was issued to 146 Ukrainians who have worked here for at least three years.
Now Ukrainians can change jobs and the Estonian state no longer traces whether the salary criterion is met.
This residence permit became popular - last year the holders of gray passports (1029), Russians (487), Indians (54) and Nigerians (36) were also applicants.
A total of 1968 people received a residence permit for the purpose of settling in Estonia, among them, for example, 23 Americans, 12 Egyptians, 18 Georgians and the same number of Chinese.
In the first half of this year, the total number of such applicants is already 1269.
Surprisingly, in ten years, Nigeria has become a country whose citizens are one of the most active applicants for Estonian residence permits.
While three residence permits were issued to Nigerians in 2007, 200 last year.
People come from Nigeria to study here at universities.
Estonian higher education institutions are also popular, for example, among Georgians, Chinese and Turks.
The number of citizens in India, Bangladesh and Nigeria has increased, largely due to study migration.
The rule that also applies to them, where the community has arisen, it is easier to add others, "Rammus added.
In ten years, two people have also moved to Estonia from, for example, North Korea, the same number from Laos and Madagascar.
Ten people have come here from Cuba, 231 from South Korea, 40 from Indonesia and four from Uruguay.
If about 6,000 third-country nationals receive a residence permit a year, that is about 0.46% of the total population.
Even if we add the citizens of the European Union, migration is still about one percent, "Maasing commented that in fact the numbers are small.
According to Statistics Estonia, a total of 14,822 people migrated to Estonia last year, but 13,792 people left here.
This means that immigration exceeded emigration for the second year.
Most emigrants and immigrants are Estonian citizens, but there are more of them among those who leave.
Therefore, the migration balance of Estonian citizens was negative by 2,000 people last year.
Estonians migrate primarily between Finland and Estonia.
Mammu Couture's princess fashion charms with satin, embroidery and tulle
However, Maria Tammeoru has a bottomless box of ideas - history - old paintings and costumes: "For hours I can dream somewhere in the museum and admire old - fashioned sleeves and collars.
When you do something with passion, you study and learn more about it every day.
It's a joy to discover!
Mammu Couture's glamorous world may seem unreal to some, but the designer doesn't think so.
You decide how much brilliance there is in your life!
I have a girlfriend who has a whole sauna full of haute couture dresses I created.
Because it's not her fault that she doesn't live in Hollywood and doesn't wear the red carpet every day, she also wants to wear these most beautiful dresses!
You can make your life special for yourself!
The fashion designer does not acknowledge the gap between bright events and gray everyday life.
It was this line of thinking that set in motion the plan to bring high fashion to rural areas in Estonia, between forests and fields, to people who are often not reached by fashion.
The Mammu collection was presented, for example, in Võru, Jõhvi and the Pärnu fashion mall, where the royal fillet with 45 models filled the entire street.
In Tallinn, the posture is often taken in, nodded with dignity, but elsewhere there are more emotions - they shout braavo, get up, want to thank you by the hand.
A large part of the audience came to explore, but now they are fans of Mammu Couture.
When you exceed people's expectations, they are thrilled!
And I like the feeling that I'm on a summer tour with my fashion creation.
In Pärnu we had a 50 meter long red carpet, a whole street full of beautiful dresses, it seemed that they would not end!
Maria also does not admit that it is fashionable for a supermodel to present her creations, she is happy to bring ordinary women to the stage.
I often invite my own clients to the stage - they have always come with joy.
It's such a tough experience, you can shine on stage in a beautiful dress!
I am so sorry that I myself have never seen my show, I am always behind the scenes to give things the finishing touch as a hopeless perfectionist.
My nerve wouldn't let me calmly look out of the hall.
Maria is the kind of fashion designer who not only wants to play a representative role, but to be inside everything.
I have my own sewing machine in the studio, I make most of the collection myself.
I like the whole process where you play with the details, you discover.
I am never far from my work and I am not afraid of work.
It's not just about design, it's also about stylistics, logistics, organizing, organizing - everything has to fit the day of one temperamental woman.
The fanatics still have a huge number of working hours.
I can't say when my working day will end, for me it's just a day full of joy!
I'm still very lucky - it's like a never-ending chain of happiness: I do something beautiful, a person gets something beautiful and in turn compliments.
It has been said many times that there is magic in my dresses - they make me feel like a princess.
The rich tulle satin lines that made Maria's talent famous overnight have remained Mammu Couture's signature to this day.
Martin Müürsepp from U18 boys: the weapon of the Estonian subgroup tournament was now turned against us
Sorry, the fairy tale ran out.
The first thing that caught my eye was that we couldn't get to our table.
And if there is such a big difference in the table, there is nothing to do ", commented our only NBA basketball player, BC Kalev / Cramo assistant coach Martin Müürsepp, on the 61:75 loss of the Estonian U18 basketball boys to Great Britain.
Opponents took 28 balls from the attacking board and received so many more attacks as a result.
We were also not prepared for their aggressive defense or attack, it created.
Many of the British attacks ended in three to five seconds, we were unable to build a defense.
In defense, however, they managed to hold hands everywhere, we could not combine.
It knocked the team off its feet.
The homework of the opponents was better done.
According to Müürsepa, Estonia should have made more tactical mistakes in order to take off the momentum of the opponents.
Even in the last quarter - we had zero error, but the opponents have already received several quick baskets.
The athleticism and tightness that was our weapon in the subgroup tournament now turned against us all.
Today we had no strength against their aggression.
Müürsepp was satisfied with his ward in Kalev, Matthias Tassi.
In general, you can say good words about the whole team in the tournament, until today there was a unified punch.
It is a pity that such an aggressive opponent has not been met before.
The cup has always been confident and still played out today, but he seemed tired - he has carried a pretty heavy load.
But he made some really beautiful movements that I have seen in training before, "the instructor added.
Terrible numbers: in the girls' basketball team, they scored less than 10 points in the European Championship with three quarters ...
In the U18 age group, not only the young men's European Championship B-division basketball tournament takes place in Tallinn, the girls started yesterday in Dublin.
Unfortunately, the Estonian game with Poland tended to be in the field of anti-records.
Estonia lost 25:65, but even after the third quarter the situation was 9:49, ie only in the last ten minutes did the opponents take their feet off the accelerator, and that period was 16:16.
In both the first and the second quarter, Estonia scored 4, in the third 1 point ...
At the same time, the Estonians hit two of the first four throws in the first two minutes, then 25 of the game, then one of the three throws in, and then another 21 throws ...
In other words, one of the 47 throws was caught in almost half an hour.
In addition, 2 points came from four free throws.
There were a reasonable number of ball losses at that time, 12.
At the end of the game, Poland had a throw-in of 33 percent and Estonia 13 percent (68/9).
Estonia has started with two losses, on the opening day Portugal had to admit 83:56 superiority.
NATO ships came to Tallinn to replenish supplies
Today, NATO's 1st Permanent Mine Action Group arrived in Tallinn for a weekend visit to Tallinn to replenish ship supplies and prepare for the upcoming exercises.
During the visit, the ships will prepare for their return to the sea, giving crew members the opportunity to rest for a few days.
After the visit, NATO ships will remain in Estonian waters to conduct several exercises and be ready for future operations in search of historical explosives.
"The participation of Estonians in the NATO unit and the co-operation training conducted by them in local waters is a good illustration of our integration with Allied forces," said Major General Arto Reinmaa, Commander of the Operations and Planning Division in charge of the Navy.
From 29 June, NATO's 1st Permanent Mine Action Group will be led by Lieutenant Captain Gvido Laudups, a Latvian Navy, who took over the role of Group Commander from the Estonian Navy Officer, Lieutenant Commander Johan-Elias Seljamaa, at a ceremony in Riga.
The flagship of the group is the Latvian Navy support ship LVNS Virsaitis, which also has the group's headquarters.
This semester, the Estonian naval minesweeper Sakala will also be part of the international unit.
As one of four groups of ships under NATO's naval command, NATO's Permanent Mine Action Group 1 is a primary rapid reaction alert unit that the Alliance can deploy to different parts of the world within five days.
From 4 to 13 August, the ancient ruins of Pirita Monastery will once again become the venue for the Birgitta Festival, founded 13 years ago by maestro Eri Klas.
According to Risto Joost (36), the artistic director of the Tallinn Philharmonic, this year's Birgitta Festival will be beautiful, powerful and unprecedented.
Risto Joost: Opera audiences include "Traviata" and "Tosca", classics of the opera world, ballet productions from the enchanting "Bolero" to the fun "Karlsson", and the program also has its own production, this time by Joseph Haydn's wonderful oratorio "Seasons" by the same international creative team. In 2015, Haydn brought another masterpiece "Creation" to Pirita.
Birgitta Festival is much more than just concerts and theater performances.
It is bigger than any musical theater in its usual form.
It's a festival whose enchantment takes over and never lets go.
Because the experience that the listener gains in this sublime and mysterious environment makes human souls ring and touches human senses in ways that cannot be described.
Risto, you are the artistic director of the Birgitta Festival for the first year.
Didn't the maestro Eri Klas shoes look a little big?
Of course, but since I had a very personal relationship with Eri Klas, it has been very helpful.
He guided me throughout my student career and also supported me at the beginning of my conducting career.
Maybe that's why it's easier for me to keep working.
Eri Klas has injected so much good into the Birgitta Festival team and of course it all passes on to me.
It was great to join a team that knows exactly how things are going.
It was the great heart of Eri Klas that gave me the strength to move forward with the Birgitta Festival at the Tallinn Philharmonic.
And here I am now and I can do it!
What could excite the audience at this year's festival, what special do you offer?
We have artists from England, Latvia, Lithuania, and as a surprise, the first ballet written by Astrid Lindgren will be presented.
That's what "Karlsson flies".
And one curious nuance is that the author of this ballet is the Latvian composer Juris Karlsons, who himself expressed a desire to write this work.
He probably has a Karlsson character who has lived in his soul since he was a child.
Risto, how do you do it all?
Thanks to my supportive partner for sure.
This kind of work needs a support system and a lot of love, and fortunately I have a lot of it.
And I've noticed that my personal emotions don't depend so much on other people as on me, or how I respond to each new day.
And such conscious keeping the tone, keeping the positivity and actually smiling at myself in the mirror in the morning significantly increased my happiness percentage.
Especially now this week, when there are the most important rehearsals, I have practiced it particularly hard and it works.
Smiling activates the brain and increases tone.
It's not just a buzzword.
I don't think people know half about the things the universe has to offer them, but everyone is gradually discovering it.
Right now, it's an important moment.
Do you also have a ritual before stepping on the conductor's console?
It is still necessary to change clothes for more comfortable ones.
This is this little moment for yourself.
But in general, yes, I don't have the opportunity to rest or take a nap before the big performance.
In fact, I even like to communicate actively with people, even before stepping on the conductor's desk.
But come to the Birgitta Festival, here is something to discover for a not-so-big opera and ballet friend!
Watch the moody video with Risto Joost!
New results of age assessment tests for Swedish asylum seekers were published
In Sweden, asylum seekers underwent a test to assess their age medically with a novel approach. The latest test results show that more than 80 percent of those tested were rated older than 18, but not everyone believes in the accuracy of the results.
The Swedish National Institute of Forensic Medicine (Rättsmedicinalverket) started testing towards the beginning of this year.
The tests were set up to assess age more accurately when applying for asylum, after the Swedish Migration Board (Migrationsverket) was criticized for failing to correctly determine the age of many alleged refugees.
To date, the Migrationsverket has submitted 6,880 cases for testing and the Institute of Forensic Medicine has issued a total of 2,481 test results between mid-March 2017 and 31 July 2017.
Eighty percent (2002) were rated as 18 years of age or older, and in a further 25 cases, the Institute of Forensic Medicine estimated that the test subject "may be 18 years of age or older."
In 432 cases, it was concluded that the person is "probably younger than 18".
Tests are only used if the person's age is in question.
According to Johan Göransson, who works at the Institute of Forensic Medicine, the results are consistent compared to the previous months.
"We don't see much difference from last month's statistics, the numbers are pretty consistent," he told The Local.
The fact that a large proportion of cases were assessed as older than 18 does not necessarily mean that asylum seekers have lied about their age.
The institute released the results of 581 tests in May, saying that in 442 cases "there are indications that the subject is 18 years of age or older".
But when the newspaper Svenska Dagbladet examined the results of these 581 tests, it turned out that in 243 cases, the person had directly stated that he would get 18 this year.
This medical method of age assessment, which involves taking X-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI of the knee joints and then having them analyzed by dentists and radiologists, has been criticized in some quarters.
One of the skeptics is Claude Marcus, an endocrinologist at the Karolinska Institute, whose job includes assessing people's biological maturity to find out if they went through puberty sooner or later than usual.
"I have had reason to think about it and I do not think that the current measurement method should be used.
Determining biological age in this way is very uncertain.
If we can't say for sure, then we shouldn't make faces that we can, "he told Metro.
But Johan Göransson from the Institute of Forensic Medicine defended the accuracy of the tests: "In general, it can be said that the risk of inaccurately compartmentalizing a child into an adult is low.
At about 10%, the risk is greatest if the person is just under 18. "
9 signs that you can forgive a deceived loved one.
Your loved one betrayed you and spent the night with someone else.
It hurts because you have so many great times and memories together.
Would you like to forgive him, but is it the right time ...
Your Tango lists nine characters that indicate that your loved one regrets your action and could forgive him.
Your loved one seems to understand the seriousness of the situation and is working hard to resolve it.
Your loved one is dealing with a problem that took him to bed with another companion.
Your loved one is no longer in a defensive position.
He sincerely regrets and takes responsibility for his actions.
He's not trying to blame you for his behavior.
He agrees that he has made a serious mistake and is sincerely trying to remedy the situation.
He is attentive and tries to communicate with you pleasantly.
However, he is pressuring you to get over it.
They do not deny what has happened or try to make it unnoticed.
You and your loved one have an understanding of why infidelity occurred to you.
You are talking about it and also about how to avoid it in the future.
You will learn to communicate better and appreciate each other's needs.
Your loved one's attitude and actions have helped you develop compassion for his or her mistake.
The commitment and behavior of your loved one has laid the foundation for your closeness to recover.
As a couple, you have made progress to believe in your unity and relationship again.
20-year-old hammer thrower Anna Maria Orel made a beautiful debut at the London World Championships, taking a good 18th place with 67.37.
The organ was the youngest female hammer thrower at the World Championships, and the cheerful woman confirmed that she hopes to fight for medals in the future.
The competition went well and I had a good experience.
With the first attempt (64.80) I immediately made my average result, in the second (62.80) I risked too much and in the third (67.37) I was able to keep my head clear, "said Orel after the competition.
I was looking for my emissions and I am very glad I found it.
Anna Maria Orel's World Cup debut ended with a good 18th place.
The rain didn't bother Orel, because he trains at TUT Stadium during the winter.
"I'm hardened," he said with a small smile.
The London Olympic Stadium had almost a full section of people, did Orel perceive the people around him or was he able to turn himself off?
I realized, but in a positive sense.
Everyone says it adds - that's right!
If you compete, you can experience it.
Orel confirmed that he is satisfied with the debut of the World Championship and there are many more good competitions ahead of him: "I came here with the 32nd or last result of this season, I finished in 18th place.
This is a very good result.
I'm 20 years old and at MM - that's the only thing that matters.
I bring a good experience and some days I want to compete for medals.
The governor of West Virginia announced the change of party
West Virginia Democratic Governor Jim Justice announced at a meeting with President Trump on Thursday night that he would change parties.
"Like it or not, the Democrats walked away from me," Governor Justice said.
"Today, I tell you, after much prayer and reflection ... today I tell you, the West Virginia people, that I can no longer help you as a democratic governor."
Cheers were unleashed at the gathering.
"So I'm going to be a Republican tomorrow," Justice added.
"As a coach, I'd tell you it's time to play another game."
Trump had promised a big announcement earlier at a West Virginia gathering.
Trump won West Virginia by 42 points and Justice did not support Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton.
Justice, the state's only billionaire, according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.
Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states and inherited the coal business from his father.
It is worth about $ 1.59 billion.
At the same time, the National Committee of the Republicans (RNC) announced Thursday night that "the change of party in Governor Justice's party is another blow to the Democratic Party, which would prevent the country from getting better again than work for it."
"With only 15 governor seats and control over the lowest number of states in history, Governor Justice's announcement is simply the most recent denial to a party that is completely endless and unable to find a positive and unifying message," RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel told CBS News.
It is no surprise that where there are many people, there are many injured.
Urmet, who was in the medical tent at the weekend, told Õhtuleht yesterday that they have had to distribute a lot of patches.
Blisters and abrasions are basic, with twists and light falls.
Of course also headaches, back and leg pain.
According to Urmet, visitors come to the festival with the wrong shoes and so problems come.
Doctors have also had to help a few more injured visitors - there have been some panic attacks and also a leg fracture.
We have also made stitches when a person has broken their hand or finger.
We do the smaller seams here, we send the bigger ones to the hospital.
Watch the video to see if the festivities are asking doctors for painkillers to treat painkillers.
Coe praised the Russians' honest apology for the doping scandal
According to Sebastian Coe, the international nose of athletics, he praised "Russia's honest apology on Thursday" for the doping scandal, but reiterated that now is not the time to allow the country to return to sports.
Russian athletics nose man Dmitry Shylakhtin told the IAAF Congress on the eve of the World Athletics Championships that the ban on his country was the right one and that he had a clear goal to fight doping.
He apologized to "all athletes who have won gold and silver medals in competitions."
Despite his comments, the IAAF Congress voted to maintain the ban on competition imposed in November 2015 after a report by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.
"I think today was a very honest answer, a very honest presentation," IAAF President Coe told reporters.
"The whole council and the whole congress were pleased that the Russian federation itself acknowledged that they had had quite difficult times and that they were doing everything possible to restructure the federation."
According to Coe, he was also pleased that Russia accepted the criteria for his reinstatement.
"I believe today was a very constructive day and progress is being made, but Congress supports the task force's proposal that now is not the time to take Russia back," Coe said.
"We need to do everything possible to normalize the situation in the next few months.
We have always followed the principle that we want to separate clean athletes from a broken system, "he added.
Nineteen Russian athletes who meet the strict criteria of the IAAF will compete as neutral athletes at the World Athletics Championships starting in London on Friday.
RAF Andersen, head of the IAAF working group, said on Monday that Russia did not yet meet several restoration criteria.
Following a report to the IAAF Council, he told reporters in London that doping control was still inadequate and that banned coaches were still free to act.
The electric car revolution will significantly change the demand for metals.
Who are the winners and losers?
Not only will the electric car revolution significantly change everything from the fuel market to infrastructure, it will also create new winners and losers in the metals market.
While mining giants like Glencore can say they win in one place and lose in another, smaller mining companies don't.
Glencore currently serves coal and oil, but demand for cobalt, lithium, copper, aluminum and nickel will increase in the future in the age of electric cars.
This year, contributions to the proliferation of electric cars have been boosted by decisions by the UK, French and Norwegian governments to ban the sale of new fossil fuel cars for decades to come.
That's why Volvo has already announced that they plan to abandon the internal combustion engine, and Tesla will launch a cheaper Model 3 electric car.
According to Bloomberg New Energy Finance forecasts, electric cars will be sold more than oil-based cars in two decades.
"For some metals, that changes everything," Capital Economics commodity analyst Simona Gambranini told Bloomberg.
We have already seen a major impact on metals such as cobalt and lithium, the demand for which has grown over the years.
Electric cars have about three times more copper than conventional cars, Glencore said.
Even more copper is needed in charging stations, which Exane BNP Paribas estimates will increase demand for copper by about five percent by 2025.
The growing demand for electric car batteries means additional demand for lithium, cobalt, graphite and manganese.
Glencore will benefit from the growing trend in electric cars from rising copper prices and being the world's largest cobalt producer, the Jefferies Group predicted.
According to this brokerage firm, the other winners of the electric car race are Freeport-McMoRan and First Quantum Minerals.
The market is already responding to a changing trend.
This year, cobalt has risen 70 percent on the London Metal Exchange.
Last year's price increase was 37 percent.
Copper has also risen in price by 14 percent this year, mainly due to economic growth.
Glencore's share rose 20 percent in London, outpacing rivals Rio Tinto Group, BHP Billiton and Anglo American.
On the losing side, there are lead companies like Recyclex and Campine that need to adapt to the new era.
The main end use of lead is batteries that supply the starters of petrol and diesel cars.
Electric cars use lithium ion batteries.
"This is a serious risk to lead demand unless other uses are found to overcome the decline in demand," said Michael Widmer, head of metals market analysis at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
The effect of the unfolding trend in the form of lead price movements is not yet noticeable.
Lead has risen in price by 17 per cent this year, making it the best metal in London among the major industrial metals.
Investors will see problems with the metal only in the distant future.
"I'm not sure the lead is that bad because cheap oil keeps conventional cars competitive," said Herwig Schmidt, sales manager at metal brokerage Triland Metals.
When demand for lead falls, it happens slowly.
Maybe this will happen in about ten years.
In the meantime, stricter emission standards mean that the demand for hybrid cars, which depend on advanced lead-based batteries for frequent engine starts, is growing, according to an international lead and zinc research organization.
Light metals such as aluminum replace steel, as a lighter car can travel further with less electricity.
This explains the additional demand for 1.6 million tonnes of aluminum already in 2013-2016.
It accounts for 2.7 percent of total world aluminum production.
This trend is likely to worsen, Widmer said.
Aluminum has risen in price by 13 percent this year, as growing demand from car manufacturers has led to a market deficit.
Steelmakers are not sleeping.
AK Steel Holding is working with General Motors to use nanotechnology to produce miraculous car bodies.
ArcelorMittal and Tata Steel Europe are also working to develop a lighter alloy steel to withstand the aluminum minimum.
"High-strength steel should be the answer to this development," said Sylvain Brunet, an analyst at Exane BNP Paribas.
There has been some progress in Europe.
The end of the oil era could also bring suffering to platinum.
Last year, about half of that precious metal was used as a catalyst for diesel cars, metal refiner Johnson Matthey said.
"Many commodities that are currently in high demand, such as oil and platinum, may not be in high demand in the future," said Bernard Dahdah, a commodity analyst at Natixis.
This does not mean that raw materials as a whole will become less important, but their importance will change over 15 years.
Platinum manufacturers believe there will continue to be demand for hybrid diesel cars.
Marc Grynberg, head of Uncore, said that in 2025 more hybrid cars will continue to be sold than full electric cars.
Platinum manufacturers have high hopes for 10 years for hydrogen cell-based cars developed by Toyota Motor and Hyundai Motos to rely on platinum to generate electricity from hydrogen.
So far, however, this technology has not yet proven itself commercially.
"Diesel seems to be a clear loser on the road to electric cars," Exane told BNP Paribas Brunet.
German carmakers suffered a major setback in July as a court in Stuttgart banned the use of diesel in Mercedes-Benz and Porsche's hometowns.
How football's financial rules affect Neymar's transition to Paris
Rules aimed at preventing the uncontrolled spending of European football clubs will not prevent Neymar from making a world record transfer from a Spanish football club in Barcelona to Paris-Saint Germain.
Any consequences for UEFA, the governing body that governs the European game and has the power to ban teams from participating in a prestigious Champions League tournament, are yet to come in Paris Saint-Germain.
UEFA's Fair Play Financial Rules (FFP), introduced in 2011, mean that PSG will have to prove at some point that Neymar's transition was financed without huge losses.
Barcelona was paid € 222 million ($ 262 million) just to buy the Brazilian out of his contract, and Neymar's salary will run into the tens of millions of dollars a year.
Here are some of the financial aspects of moving to the Neymar Club in France.
PSG will undoubtedly be able to raise such money to recruit Neymar and add him to his starry line-up, given that the team is funded by the Qatari energy-rich ruling family.
Clubs are allowed to spend a lot on recruiting players, but they have to balance this with legal sources of income that allow them to get out of the football business.
FFP was founded by Michel Platini after he was elected President of UEFA in 2007.
This former French player believed that clubs that fall into heavy debt in search of success would actually be cheating and risking collapse if banks or owners gave up support.
From 2011, FFP will focus on monitoring their losses instead of club debts.
This change means that the business model that Roman Abramovich first used at Chelsea in 2003 - to buy a club with potential and then to spend heavily to improve the team and create a global brand - is more difficult to implement.
During FFP's current three-year evaluation period, which runs until 2018, clubs could incur losses of up to € 30 million.
And despite the shamefully expulsion of Platini from the presidency in 2015, his successor, UEFA, Alexander Ceferin, remains committed to preventing overspending.
"FFP is certainly not dead and we will no doubt continue to strengthen these rules in the future," Andrea Traverso, UFFA's FFP supervisor, told The Associated Press last week.
Although PSG paid for Neymar's takeover clause in a single installment, they are able to split that amount for accounting purposes throughout the term of the contract.
Neymar entered into a five-year contract, which makes it possible to show the transitional fee for the next five years at EUR 44.4 million per year.
In the first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014, PSG, along with Manchester City in Abu Dhabi, received the most severe penalties.
PSG was fined 60 million euros (currently $ 82 million), which was later reduced to 20 million euros, and the club was required to limit the Champions League team from 2014-2015. in the season for 21 players instead of the usual 25.
UEFA is looking for clubs that may try to outwit regulatory financial institutions by blowing up their income through companies affiliated with the club's owners.
A Qatari company may sponsor a PSG, but if the value of the sponsorship is considered to exceed standard market rates, UEFA would not allow it to be counted as official revenue.
This was the case in 2014 when UEFA decided that the value of the Qatar Tourism Authority's PSG support was inflated.
It has been said that some of Neymar's PSG service may come from Qatar through payments from the 2022 World Cup Organizing Committee.
However, the PSG and Qatar 2022 deny that Neymar could become a World Cup ambassador, arguing that UEFA regulators could easily expose such a maneuver.
The penalties previously imposed on the PSG mean that UEFA is even more vigilant in any attempt to break the rules.
People familiar with the situation said on Thursday that UEFA has not discussed Neymar's transition proactively with PSG.
They spoke to The Associated Press on condition that their anonymity be guaranteed, as they were not allowed to discuss the PSG situation.
The latest published reports show that PSG earned in 2015-2016. In the 2007/08 season, a profit of more than 10 million euros with a turnover of approximately 542.4 million euros.
Data for the last financial year have not yet been published.
PSG hopes that Neymar's arrival will have a positive impact on sponsorship, sales and shirt sales.
The club expects an increase in turnover of at least 30 percent due to concluding the contract.
The Spanish league, clearly outraged by the departure of one of the biggest football stars, tried to prevent Neymar's transition by claiming that PSG was in breach of FFP.
"This is a clear case of 'financial doping' with the club and the state," La Liga president Javier Tebas told the Spanish newspaper AS, referring to the fact that PSG is mainly owned by Qatar.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club belongs to the American sports magnate, shares La Liga's attitude that the club is funded by the state.
"It's a consequence of property rights and it has completely changed the whole football landscape in the last 15 years," Wenger said on Thursday.
"If the club is state - owned, anything is possible.
It is very difficult to respect the financial rules of fair play, as the state may have other ways or other interests to have such a big player represent the state. "
Norwegian low-cost airline Norwegian has a nice tradition of putting on the wedge pictures of those who have pushed the boundaries in their field and have been an inspiration to others, writes trip.ee
With the expansion of Norwegian's operating geography, the circle of people who have earned a place on the aircraft wedge has also expanded.
Selected personalities include Benjamin Franklin, Greta Garbo (pictured) and Miguel de Cervantes.
In the near future, however, a portrait of Queen's legendary singer Freddie Mercury will decorate one of the planes.
Today 50 years ago: a hurricane-sized storm in Estonia that tore the roofs and windows of houses.
The hurricane called the storm of the century, which raged on August 6 and 7, caused great damage, especially to Lääne County, Harju County and Rapla County.
During northwestern Estonia, the wind speed was over 30 m / s.
My old man ran from one curving tree to another in the garden and tried to support them with his hands.
Everything was dark and rattling, like the end of the world.
The roofs of the houses were already flying in the background, in 2002 the old lady Linda Kurova recalled from Haapsalu in an interview given to the magazine Eesti Loodus.
Linda's husband saw the garden he planted collapse.
But what do you still support the trees with your hands, where do you get against such a storm?
The sea came under the window, water splashed out of the windows ", said Mrs. Linda, who lived on Kalda Street in Haapsalu at that time.
Linda, like most Haapsalu residents, did not see the fact that the roads were full of trees and the roof of the railway station platform had flown 20-30 meters away until the next morning.
According to the locals, the trees behind Paralepa were lying on the ground, some completely lying down, some in half.
Everything looked very depressing, the storm went through beautiful old tree calls and crackling like a war.
Lääne-Virumaa did not suffer particularly badly in the storm of August 1967 compared to Lääne-Eesti, but the losses were great there as well, Virumaa Teataja wrote in 2007.
Haapsalu Castle Park and Padise Park were swept away from the earth, but the parks around us were also severely damaged.
In Tallinn, the wind speed was measured up to 35 meters per second, or about 130 kilometers per hour.
On the evening of August 6, Merivälja in Tallinn had shouted, "Mother, mother!
The chickens are in the air and can't go down anymore! "", Virumaa Teataja wrote.
The building of Põlli manor in Viljandi county was destroyed during the storm so much that it was decided to demolish it later.
The constructions of the Türi ski jumping hill, which were later not restored, could not withstand the August storm.
On August 12, 1967, the newspaper Punane Täht wrote that the cleaning of cities and settlements from fallen trees and their branches was progressing slowly, and the residents could be involved in the cleaning work.
The fields were also severely affected by the storm, and the newspaper reported that "the party's initial organizations must be the inspirers and directors of both the remediation work and the harvesting."
Hurricanes can be considered if the average wind speed exceeds 32.7 m / s.
The record of a gust of wind in Estonia lasts from November 2, 1969, when the wind speed in Ruhnu was measured to be 48 m / s.
On Vaindloo Island, the measuring instrument broke, so the speed of the strong wind measured there could not be accurately recorded.
The secret of clean beaches: night cleaning and poor beach weather
Colder summer weather also means less cleaning effort on Tallinn's beaches.
"If it's weather, there are people on the beach, and if there aren't, there are no people," says the beach cleaner.
Seagulls scream on the North Tallinn Stroomi beach.
They are offered melodic competition by a tractor rattling at low revs, which plows stripes off the field.
In fact, the latter sifts through the sand to a depth of seven centimeters, picking up marine debris and human debris: bottle caps, cigarette butts and more.
People still come to the beach, whether the water is warm or not.
If the weather is nice, there are people on the beach, and if there isn't, there are no people, "says Aleksandr Usov, the director of beach cleaning at the private limited company Haabersti Haldus.
It is 6.30 and the beach is being cleaned bitterly, because by eight o'clock the square must be in order for people.
Usov is already at work at four o'clock.
In addition to Stroom, he also keeps an eye on Pirita, Lake Harku, Kakumäe and Paljasaare Pikakari beaches.
The amount of garbage has decreased.
Years ago it was much more.
People can already appreciate what is being done for them, "says Usov, who has been cleaning the beaches for 15 years.
Before, when something new was set up, it was broken the next day.
What is on the beach is now stored.
Price of a clean beach
One of the biggest jobs on Estonian beaches is cleaning the sea debris or plow washed ashore.
For example, on Pirita beach, 400,000 tons have to be transported after the beach season.
"It's an incredible amount," Usov notes.
The second major category is household waste, which is all that people leave behind.
The one and a half kilometer strip of Stroom beach has eight large garbage containers that need to be emptied three times a week.
So much garbage.
However, colder summer weather has meant that waste is a fifth less than otherwise.
The third category is abandoned things.
Mostly they are children's toys.
As this time, Usov has shoveled a dozen model cars out of the sand.
They are waiting for the owners on the tree leading to the beach.
"Usually more of them come out, but that's a normal catch." Usov already knows that he will soon find them in the sand again.
The children come to the beach and take toys to immerse them in the sand again.
Garbage is dispersed
Erika Scholler, a representative of Haabersti's administrative services, admits that the screening of the tractor is disturbing the locals.
The noise, which lasts from night to early morning, disturbs the sleep of people living in the neighborhood.
During the day, however, this work is impossible.
The beach must be screened twice a month.
"If we don't, the district will fine us," Scholler notes.
However, similarly to Pirita, Pikakari and Pärnu, the goal is to get the Stroomi beach under the international blue flag quality mark.
"Compared to Europe, there is a lot more work in Estonia to keep the beaches maintained," says Scholler.
We have more plow and stones and harder to sift sand.
However, there is less rubbish on our beaches than elsewhere in Europe.
Hearing that there is talk of rubbish on the beach, Martin, who lives near Stroomi beach, forcibly steps into a conversation between a journalist and cleaning workers, highlighting the current bottlenecks on the beach.
In the morning there is a lewd picture everywhere.
The problem is with the birds and bottle - pickers who have pulled the garbage bags upside down, "says Martin.
Although it is difficult to assume that people will be able to change their current behavioral habits, Martin hopes that the city government will do something with trash cans and put covers on them, for example, to prevent at least birds from exploring there.
In general, however, Martin is satisfied with the development of Stroomi beach.
It can be seen that the city takes care of it.
With children's playgrounds, lighted and freshly paved roads, it has become more pleasant.
It used to be that you could only ride roller skates on one road, "Martin notes.
Treasure hunter finds in the Stream: coins, coins only
40-year-old Dimitri has come to use the low tide in the morning, who combs the shore with a metal detector as a treasure hunter.
He does not believe that he will find anything valuable today or in the future.
The sea gods are not generous enough for this.
"I have been working on it for a year and have not found anything valuable so far," Dmitri reports.
As a hobby treasure hunter, Dmitri's treasure bag contains some euro coins, bottle caps and also dangerous nails, which he later throws in the trash.
There are usually coins.
"Gold, rings and the like are usually not there," says the treasure hunter.
The Bank of England keeps interest rates at 0.25%
The Bank of England is expected to announce that interest rates will remain unchanged as weak growth and easing inflation have dampened speculation about the rise.
The Bank of England has warned that economic growth will remain sluggish as household squeezed incomes have put interest rates on hold.
The Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) policymakers voted in favor of keeping the ratios at 6: 2 at 0.25%, with fewer members calling for an increase this month as slow economic growth has weakened support for growth.
In its quarterly inflation report, the bank cut its growth forecast to 1.7% in 2017 and 1.6% in 2018 and warned that the pressure on household incomes would remain, as inflation is still expected to rise to close to 3% in the autumn.
At the same time, the bank also signaled that rate increases will be needed to curb Brexit inflation over the next few years and that financial markets may need higher-than-expected increases in borrowing costs.
Members also voted in favor of the partial withdrawal of the mammoth economic stimulus package launched a year ago as a result of Brexit.
The bank will end its fixed-term funding scheme in February, which provides banks with cheap funding, although it said it was now expected to offer a £ 15 billion increase in the scheme, which is £ 115 billion.
In the minutes of the rate decision, the bank states: "MPC's medium-term forecast of gross domestic product (GDP) will remain weak in the near future, as the difficult real income situation of households will continue to affect consumption."
With regard to rates, it was reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" was needed to ease inflation, to a "somewhat higher" extent than expected by the markets.
The stock market is currently forecasting the first increase in the third quarter of next year and the second increase in 2020.
However, the bank stressed that any jumps are gradual and limited.
The bank's reduced growth forecasts for this year and next are comparable to the May forecasts of 1.9% and 1.7%.
The forecast of 1.8% growth in 2018 remained unchanged.
Following this news, the pound depreciated against the dollar and the euro.
The pound fell 0.5% to USD 1.31 and 0.4% to EUR 1.11.
The decision not to change is due to recent disappointing growth figures, which have dampened growing expectations of growth, with GDP rising from 0.2% in the previous three months to 0.3% in the second quarter.
The bank says growth is likely to remain at 0.3% in the third quarter, although it will pick up slightly at the end of the year.
The bank's latest inflation report gave little reason to rejoice in households suffering from rising inflation and poor wage growth, saying the situation would get a little worse before improving.
It was added that monetary policy will not be able to prevent a shock to incomes in the next few years, but a significant recovery in wages is expected towards the end of the three-year forecast.
Due to the weak pound, the economy is also stimulated by growing demand for British products, which partially offsets lower consumer spending.
The decision comes a year after rates were pushed to 0.25% last August following a shocking EU referendum that caused the pound to weaken sharply.
The bank estimates it will likely take four years to bring prices and the economy to life.
Prior to the bank's final decision, there was a growing demand for rate increases as inflation had increased pressure on distressed households; in july, three policymakers called for the rate to be raised to 0.5%.
Inflation fell to 2.6% last month, compared to 2.9% in June, although the bank said it was as expected and is set to rise again in the coming months.
The bank said the excess growth over the 2% target was entirely due to the weak pound.
Andrew Montlake, head of Mortgage Brokers at Coreco, said: “Given the recent decline in exchange rates, the mortgage market seems to be becoming increasingly competitive again as lenders crave work and hope to end the year positively.
The stock market seems particularly favorable to those whose current transactions are nearing completion, as refinancing, often free of charge and at a low rate, has become increasingly popular. "
The NHS is prescribing a controversial HIV drug to 10,000 people
Patients have had access to "transformative" HIV prevention treatment since September following a battle in the Supreme Court over whether the NHS should fund the drug.
NHS England reported that public health now makes an estimated 10,000 people available pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) tablets, which are given before intercourse and have shown a reduction in the risk of infection in high-risk people by around 86% during the initial three-year clinical trial.
The NHS agreed to fund the clinical trial after the Court of Appeal upheld the Supreme Court's ruling last year that the NHS would be able to pay for PrEP, despite the agency's own claims that the medicine should be funded by local authorities instead.
NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens hailed the move, unveiled on Thursday, as a "new large-scale intervention", while the National AIDS Fund (NAT) described it as a "turning point".
Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield are among the first to register people. More clinics will be added in October before the program is rolled out across England by April 2018.
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a course of HIV medicines taken before intercourse to reduce the risk of becoming infected with HIV.
The results of clinical trials show that PrEP significantly reduces the transmission of HIV among people at risk of infection.
Taking PrEP before intercourse means that you have enough medicine in your body to prevent you from becoming infected with HIV.
Such medications can be taken daily or no later than two hours before intercourse.
Suitable candidates for treatment include gay or bisexual men, transgender people, and people whose partners are infected with HIV and are not receiving treatment.
Clinicians will identify suitable individuals who are willing to participate in a clinical trial, including men, women, transgender people, and those whose HIV partner is not receiving antiretroviral therapy.
People who live in England and have chosen a GP there can also register with a local sexual health clinic participating in the program.
The program will cost £ 10 million and NHS England signed a contract to receive the medicines this week following an international procurement process.
The aim of the clinical trial is to assess the true potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence of who the medicine is for and how it is consumed and applied in the big picture.
Stevens said: "This new large - scale intervention should complement and reinforce the widespread and increasingly successful fight against the spread of HIV.
This is another milestone in more than three decades of fighting one of humanity's greatest health problems. "
Deborah Gold, chief executive of NAT, said: “This is a turning point in the fight against HIV.
PrEP, if properly targeted at those who need it and are at risk, offers an opportunity to change the HIV epidemic in England.
Since September, people at high risk for HIV in England have access to a powerful new tool that is individually managed and negotiated with a partner, through this NHS-funded clinical trial, thus improving many lives.
We warmly welcome this announcement. ”
Ian Green, chief executive of the Terrence Higgins Foundation, said: “It is now a priority to ensure that the clinical trial is launched quickly across the country and that no member of the HIV risk group is left out.
Now that the drug for the PrEP clinical trial has been procured, we are on our way there to protect more than 10,000 people at risk of contracting HIV.
Deputy Minister of Public Health Sharon Hodgson said: “The start of the PrEP clinical trial is very welcome and long overdue after months of delays and dragging of the government’s legs.
Evidence shows how much change this medicine can bring to HIV prevention and stopping the spread of this life-changing infection.
This clinical trial brings us one step closer to fully understanding the benefits of PrEP.
It is now important that the clinical trial is deployed across the country as soon as possible to protect people exposed to HIV and bring us one step closer to halting the spread of HIV in society. "
The price of electricity increased by 12% in Estonia, but decreased in Latvia and Lithuania.
In July, the difference between the next day's electricity exchange price between Estonia and the price areas of Latvia and Lithuania decreased to 1.94 euros, compared to 7.71 euros in June this year, Elering announced.
The main reason for the price difference is the failure of the Lithuanian-Swedish connection.
In Estonia, the average stock exchange price of electricity last month was 34.33 euros per megawatt-hour, and the price increased by 12 percent compared to June.
In Latvia and Lithuania, the price fell by five percent to 36.27 euros per megawatt-hour.
In Finland, the price was 34.17 euros and the system price of the Nord Pool power exchange was 26.37 euros per megawatt-hour.
Prices rose 12 and seven percent, respectively.
Electricity moved between Estonia and Finland for 75% of the previous month's hours to Estonia and 16% of the hours from Estonia to Finland.
The remaining nine percent of the hours did not involve next-day transactions between the two countries.
Electricity moved between Estonia and Latvia 99% of the time from Estonia to Latvia and 73% of the hours used all the transmission capacity.
According to the transactions on the last trading day of July in the Nasdaq OMX market, the exchange price of electricity in August may be approximately 34 euros and in September 37 euros per megawatt-hour.
The price of carbon dioxide, which affects the production price of electricity, increased last month and transactions took place at a price of 5.04-5.47 euros per tonne.
Living on high - a mezzanine and clever design tips have made this small Earls Court apartment a spacious home
Joanne Leigh, a former banker who is a passionate real estate innovator, exchanged her large Knightsbridge home in 2014 for an Earls Court apartment.
Located on the ground floor of Queen Anne Terrace, the fact that Joanne has not packed her bags and resold the apartment is a tribute to the new design.
"Before that, I lived with a former partner in Knightsbridge on a much larger surface," said Joanne.
"I was looking for something that would be worth the price I offered.
I was shown this Earls Court apartment and had similarly high ceilings.
I fell in love with it and made an offer the same day. "
Since its first visit, this 93-square-meter apartment has undergone a complete refurbishment.
In the beginning, it was a one-bedroom apartment with a complicated layout - you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bedroom. Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to take advantage of the high ceilings.
"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
Those were my demands, "he said.
He hired Erfan Azad from Duck &amp; Shed, an architecture and design studio in Notting Hill, to take advantage of the 3.8m high ceilings and create a home that would not just be a development site, but a place where Joanne could live.
The ceiling was not high enough to add two rooms on top of each other, so it was an architectural challenge to create a mezzanine where you could stand up.
Erfan had to take a creative approach.
"The metal construction is quite complex," he explains.
"We had to rearrange the rooms so that they were on top of each other without having to bow down.
It wasn't just about building a platform, we were using a steel structure to get the right height for both the upper and lower rooms. "
This arrangement allowed Erfan to create two full-height rooms on top of each other in the room, with many dramatic elements.
The mezzanine floor overlooks the glamorous living room from the old Retrouvius window with copper light.
Golden furniture with a mirror surface, silver details and a retro-inspired Serge Mouille luminaire emphasize the style of the room.
The use of mirrors plays a role in adding theatricality, space and lightness.
Mirrors have been added to both ends of the short corridor to make it look longer.
In the kitchen, the rear wall with a mirror gives the impression of a window opening into another room.
At the entrance, a mirror cabinet provides storage for all of Joanne's cutlery and glassware.
The possibility to close the kitchen part when not in use adds charm to the living room, creating the idea of a more glamorous space.
Folding kitchens are nothing new.
However, what is unique about this kitchen is that it is a garage-type lift door.
"It took a little design effort," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced veneered MDF door.
"It has a counterweight, so it glides very easily when pushed up."
Thanks to the clever use of space and storage, Joanne now has 16 extra square meters, an additional bedroom and a better apartment plan.
"After all, floor space is what you sell - or what gives real estate value," says Erfan.
"A real estate agent enters a room in an outdated form and makes calculations based on the floor area."
Here, they have been able to increase the floor space, using high-quality materials that add luxury to the room.
"The materials are the ones you touch and that help to create an emotional connection with the home," says Erfan.
"You don't fall in love with the electrical wiring in the wall.
It’s important, but it doesn’t make heart tongues ring. ”
This shows that good design and increased space help to make something quite ordinary from an amazing apartment.
In fact, they may even make you want to not leave, as happened to Joanne.
The main character, Dane Jensen, is a bounty hunter in the Chicago skyscraper who competes with a colleague for promotion.
It doesn't matter other than the amount of money earned, along with which any ethics is forgotten.
The man sees his wife and three children only in the early morning and late evening.
In the first half of the film, I find myself thinking that this is the business version of "Card House" - even Kevin Spacey and Gerard Butler's speech style is similar.
The further the film goes on, the less the frame element remains, and the moralizing intention of the filmmakers becomes more and more prominent.
For a protagonist, a son's cancer becomes a life-changing experience.
Now we have to choose between work and family life.
The son, who dreams of an architectural profession, makes his father's walks to the big buildings of Chicago think about really important things like faith, kindness, love ... without even touching the catastrophe of the Twin Towers.
After the third scene, where the son opens his father's eyes, there is a feeling that the filmmakers have definitely pursued the goal of making the audience cry, because even the most hard-hearted viewer can not hold back tears when he sees the suffering of a cute boy with cancer.
When the son falls into a coma and his situation seems almost hopeless, the father finally understands the morality of his work and does a good deed to the old man looking for work.
Now I bet in my mind - if the film has a happy ending, I will reward my insight with coffee after the film, but if I'm wrong, the screenwriter can be praised for at least one surprise.
For a moment, there is a suspicion that I will lose coffee - when her husband calls Dane from the hospital and the man rushes slowly down the corridor to the ward.
However, the son has healed wonderfully, and although his father has just lost his job, it also turns out to be positive, because now is the time to deal with the family.
I can also feel good - I can predict the end of American drama quite well!
Honoring the truth, the film is well constructed, all the necessary elements are available.
You can cry, you can laugh, the actors are good and the morale is beautiful: money is not the most important thing in life.
Probably this film brings in well.
Trump's new chief of staff plans to limit the president's media consumption.
Others have tried and failed.
Maybe John F. Kelly can do it.
In that case, he would be the first.
Politico writes that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information, including news, to President Trump, in the hope that it will keep the chief in flatter water.
Here is an excerpt from reporter Josh Dawsey:
"When John F. Kelly, the new White House chief of staff, met with senior officials on his first day at work, he highlighted a key issue in President Donald Trump's White House that he planned to address - getting bad information into the hands of the president.
Kelly told officials that information must flow through her, whether on paper or in meetings, because the president would make better decisions if she were given good information. "
Kelly's diagnosis seems completely logical, but others have tried, and they have failed to tame Trump by monitoring his media consumption.
President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades, and even now that he is in the White House, his television viewing habits have not disappeared.
"When candidate Trump was angry about unfair media coverage, it was worth showing him that he was also honestly covered in affected publications," former campaign adviser Sam Nunberg told Politicole in February.
Politico Tara Palmer wrote at the time that "six former campaigners said the key to controlling Trump's Twitter habits was to ensure that his personal media consumption consistently included hymns of praise."
OK.
But the idea that Trump's Twitter habits have ever been "under control" is ridiculous.
Maybe these campaigners know something the rest of us don't know - that Trump's tweets would have been even more inflammatory without their intervention.
We'll probably never know about the tweets Trump didn't post.
If his aides were able to save him from trouble a few times, their efforts were worth it.
But no one has been able to stop Trump from constantly causing controversy.
Part of the problem is that in the White House, which consists of competing clicks, people try to promote their own interests exclusively by providing Trump with material that supports their worldviews, but may not always be credible.
Reflecting the course of the whole story, Politico wrote in May about the tendency of the advisers to feed the President strategically valuable information.
One example described by reporter Shane Goldmacher is:
"Trump 's current and former subordinates say Trump could react explosively to the negative press, especially the damaging leaks, with the obsession of identifying their source.
This was the case at the end of February, when someone cheerfully handed the president a printed copy of an article on GotNews.com, owned by Internet provocate Charles C. Johnson, accusing Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walshi of being a "source of multiple leaks" in the White House.
It doesn't matter that Johnson has been permanently blocked from Twitter for mocking, that he hasn't provided any specific evidence, or that he has made false accusations and taken them back in the past.
Trump read the article and began asking his subordinates about Walshi. "
Goldmacher added that then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and head of the White House office, Rob Porter, "have tried to establish a system for managing and documenting documents that reach Trump."
How did it work?
Kelly tries to do exactly the same three months later.
He may prove to be a more effective leader than Priebus, but Trump is still impulsive and his assistants are still competing for influence.
These constant factors make Kelly's mission very difficult.
Street musicians who have come to the capital from abroad do not get permission to perform bitterly.
Many foreigners play music in the center of Tallinn.
Those with whom Õhtuleht spoke admitted that they play in the Old Town without the permission of the city government.
We were the first to find three street musicians near the gates of Viru who had brought the same number of dogs with them.
It was clear that the musicians with dreadlocks and cracked clothes were backpackers who would take one shower.
Despite her appearance, the only woman in the company played a fun rhythm song on the accordion, while a man next to her juggled three balls and invited passers-by closer.
The third man was sitting next to them in a backpack and smoked a ready-made blaze in peace of heart.
Their three dogs did not allow themselves to be disturbed by the passing people.
Noem, who played the accordion, and Bob, who juggled balls, said that they played on the streets for both fun and money.
The purpose of the company's performance was to collect ticket money for a ship sailing to Finland on the evening of the same day.
When asked if they asked the city for permission to make music in the Old Town, Noem and Bob shook their heads.
First, we didn't know.
Second, we never stay in one city for more than a day or two and are usually given permits for a month or something.
There is no point in paying for it, "Bob explained.
When we got to the gates of Viru again about 20 minutes later, we saw that two women were with the musicians and driving them away.
The group moved with backpacks and dogs to the Viru Center intersection to try their luck.
There were also three young Polish men performing on Viru Street, one of whom played the violin, the other the clarinet and the third had even brought an electronic piano.
"We're here to entertain people, to spread music and joy, and to make money on fuel and living," explained trio pianist Mivosh.
According to Mivoshi, they are aware that the performance requires permission from the city government.
"Of course we don't have that," he said jokingly.
But we hope that if people enjoy our music, there will be no problem.
Of course, when the police come, we will go elsewhere, but we have to try, "he added.
In July, Eesti Pank purchased bonds for 149 million euros as part of the euro area central banks' public sector asset purchase program, and the central bank's bond portfolio increased to a total of 4.36 billion euros.
The central bank does not publish more detailed information on purchases.
The Governor of Eesti Pank, Hardo Hansson, has previously explained in response to a question from members of the Riigikogu that the Eurosystem central banks' asset purchase program includes three different purchase programs: covered bonds, ABS and PSPP.
The central bank buys bonds from the market to encourage investors who have sold the bonds to invest money elsewhere.
Purchases reduce the return on lower-risk assets and motivate investors to take higher risks.
As a rule, each central bank buys government bonds from its own country under the public sector bond purchase program, while bonds from other countries are not purchased.
As the Estonian state has not issued bonds, Eesti Pank makes so-called replacement purchases within the limits of the volume allocated to them.
Replacement purchases are also made by central banks in countries where the supply of bonds eligible for the purchase plan is limited.
According to Hansson, Eesti Pank generally buys bonds of European institutions, such as the European Financial Stability Facility and the European Investment Bank.
Eesti Pank has been purchasing bonds under the asset purchase program from March 2015.
In the meantime, Elering's bonds were also acquired, but as of June 2016, Eesti Pank will no longer buy Elering's bonds.
The Central Bank of Finland will buy both Elering's and Eesti Energia's bonds on behalf of the euro area central banks from June.
Travelers ignore the ditch and return to the "millionaire district"
Some of the wealthiest homeowners in the West Midlands have once again found themselves in a furious confrontation with determined travelers who have ignored a ditch dug by the council to reclaim a field away from their villas.
Travelers have parked their 20 caravans in the field near the prosperous "millionaires' district" Solihull Street.
They have returned with an army of horses, children and trucks after being kicked out in May, without being distracted by a ditch dug by the council to prevent their invasion.
The tactical group found a weak spot in the guardrail, squeezing their vehicles through the unobstructed part of the road.
Outraged residents have cursed Solihull council, saying the council is "useless in tackling the problem".
An anonymous resident said: "They moved there on Monday night after being expelled from Bentley Heath, where they threw stones at passers - by.
The council must be ashamed to take action, because they are useless in tackling the problem.
The travelers were there in May, they were driven away and now they are back again.
There were more of them last night, probably even more today. "
He added: "Birmingham City Council knows how to deal with such things by obtaining long barriers to protect its parks.
I live on Streetsbrook Road and I'm not happy to have to keep paying council tax if the council can't even stop it. "
One local resident, who also wanted to remain anonymous, said: "This is ridiculous. We have only just seen the last of these migrants leave, and a new attack is already taking place.
This time the number has increased and the horse has even been seen ruminating the grass.
A spokesman for Solihull Council said: "We are aware that there is an unauthorized camp site on the land near Streetsbrook Road and are working with Solihull Police to take the necessary legal action to get them moving as soon as possible.
It is very helpful in gathering as many local people as possible to report any anti-social or criminal behavior to the police by calling 101.
It helps to give the court a picture of the situation when we present the case to them. "
The Weekend Festival will be visited by, among others, Minister of Culture Indrek Saar, who is pleased to have been able to bring real world top names to Estonia.
To the question why the Weekend festival is so important for Estonians, Saar answers that it should be asked of all those who enjoy the story of the festival for three days to the fullest.
However, he admits that real people in his field have come to Pärnu.
"Looking at the level of artists that has been brought to Estonia, the absolute top names of this music genre are brought home - this often does not happen in our area," says the Minister of Culture.
Which artists performing at the festival talk about Saart the most?
I consider myself a relatively old man, and for old people like me, there is definitely one of the most experienced artists, Armin van Buuren, who performed last night.
According to his turn of the record, at some point all of us have spun our feet, "he says.
However, he still mentions several names, such as Chainsmokers, Deadmau5, Knifeparty.
Of course, our own Estonian makers: starting from NOËP and can be read a whole series.
In reality, this concentration of well - known names is very high, "he says.
See more in the video of Õhtuleht!
Audi is upgrading up to 850,000 diesel vehicles amid criticism from carmakers
The day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it was offering a software upgrade for more than 350,000 vehicles.
According to the BMW chairman, the company believes that "there are smarter options than driving restrictions", referring to European cities, including BMW 's hometown of Munich, which have considered banning or restricting diesel vehicles.
Daimler announced on Tuesday that it will upgrade three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce diesel engine emissions.
No company described these actions as recalls.
European carmakers have been keen to promote the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help comply with CO2 regulations.
However, nitrous oxide from diesel engines is considered a carcinogen and can cause asthma.
At the same time, the cost of equipment to be installed by car companies to neutralize diesel vehicle emissions is increasing, making it difficult to keep car prices competitive.
While German carmakers are under thorough investigation, Chancellor Angela Merkel's government is also accused of pampering powerful carmakers and ignoring signs of the problem.
The companies are trying to avoid repeating the mistakes of Volkswagen, which was silent on the use of so-called fraudulent devices, which allowed the emission readings to be adjusted to the regulations during the car's testing, but withdrew under normal driving conditions.
Several Volkswagen executives have been indicted in the United States and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
Last month, a former head of the thermodynamics division of Audi's engine development department was arrested in Germany.
Former President Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio is Italian and therefore not protected from extradition and may be tried in the United States.
Earlier this year, Audi was drawn into a criminal investigation into Volkswagen in Germany when authorities accused Audit of installing a system to circumvent European emissions requirements, thus extending an investigation that had previously focused on the United States.
Involving Audi in the investigation could be a big blow to Volkswagen - the luxury car manufacturer generates a disproportionate share of Volkswagen's profits.
European Union flags are purchased for Estonian schools for 20,000 euros.
The Ministry of Education intends to buy European Union flags for Estonian schools by September 1 to mark the presidency.
A total of 570 educational institutions will receive the European Union flag measuring 105x158 centimeters.
The flags are intended for indoor display, they must be made with high-quality indoor printing equipment, including tunnel fastening, mediates the ERR news portal.
The flagpole label has the text: "A gift to Estonian schools to mark Estonia 's first presidency of the Council of the European Union.
The estimated cost of 570 flags is estimated by the Ministry of Education to be 20,000 euros, ie one flag will cost 35 euros.
The murder of a journalist highlights the growing threat in Mexico
Staff at the weekly Riodoce usually meet on Wednesdays to review plans to cover the most recent chaos in the state of Sinaloa, sown by organized crime, corrupt officials and incessant drug wars.
But today they have gathered under the guise of personal tragedy to discuss their own safety.
They are told that it is important to change their routines.
Two senior journalists are discussing which seems safer: to bring the children with them to the office that was the target of the grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.
Security experts have written three words on the board at the front of the room: "enemies," "neutral," "allies."
They ask reporters to provide names in each column - no evidence is needed, impressions and intuition are enough.
Drug traffickers, politicians, businessmen and journalists are suspected of being employed by the government or cartels - a whole list of bad guys who make it dangerous to cover the chaos in Mexico.
There is no respite from the violence and the more corpses accumulate across the country, the greater the number of journalists - at least 25 since the oath of office of President Enrique Pena Nieto in December 2012, according to the Committee on the Protection of Journalists and at least seven journalists in seven states have died so far this year.
The latest victims include Javier Valdez Cardenas, editor and source of inspiration, Riodoce co-founder.
"The biggest mistake is living in Mexico and being a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on drug violence.
His absence is deeply felt, although his presence can be felt everywhere - on the façade of the Riodoce building hangs a large picture of Valdez showing his middle finger with the words "Justice" and two 30s reporters, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts depicting his smiling glasses. face or his characteristic panama hat.
The meeting will take place less than two months after his death. Reporters discuss common trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
Although a separate public prosecutor's office was set up in 2010 to deal with journalists' cases, according to the Committee for the Protection of Journalists, only two cases have been prosecuted.
As with most of the thousands of murders involved in drug trafficking and organized crime each year, the killers of journalists rarely go to court.
The Riodoce editorial continues to cover the violence in Sinaloa, even though their hearts are broken and the landscape is now even more dangerous.
Without the murderers' data and justice, there will be little point in meeting security, Ibarra said.
"It's very silly to waste your time in this meeting," he says.
"Until the reason is known, you distrust everyone."
Valdez left the Riodoce office in the state capital, Culiacan, on the morning of May 15.
He managed to drive just a few blocks before two men stopped his red Toyota Corolla. He was forced out of the car and shot 12 times. This is presumably due to the name of the newspaper, which translates as "twelfth river".
An armed man drove away in Valdez's car and had an accident nearby.
Valdez was 50 years old.
He was left behind by a woman and two adult children.
Rumors spread freely in Culiacan.
However, there is essentially only silence on the subject of Valdez.
Since Guzman's arrest last year and his extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has been one of the country's bloodiest battlefields as rival clicks fight to fill a power vacuum.
It doesn't matter that a few people or even several people are shot down on the streets of Sinaloa every day, or that the cemetery is teeming with richly decorated double mausoleums of drug kings, larger than the homes of many living.
Let us forget for a moment that peacetime suggests that a coastal state with valuable ports and drug routes to the United States is run by only one cartel.
Despite all this and the fact that Valdez was fully aware of the dangers of his work, Ismail Bojorquez (60), co-founder and director of Riodoce, feels immense guilt for not being able to protect his friend.
He believes two errors contributed to the killing.
The first of these was the publication in February of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a nugget in the cartel who competed with Guzman's sons and was at war.
The piece could have angered the sons - the suspected gang members bought all the copies of the publication as soon as they reached the newsstands.
Another mistake was that Valdez was not forced to leave the country for his own safety after a raid on another newspaper newspaper covering the same story.
Valdez was a legend both in Mexico and abroad, and his assassination is seen as a turning point in the violence against journalists in Mexico.
He had survived for so long that his friends and colleagues assumed he would exist forever.
He worked for Noroeste in 2003 as a veteran reporter when he joined five colleagues to create Riodoce, selling $ 50 shares.
Bojorquez said it was "impossible to deal with the press in Sinaloa without touching the drug problem".
Over time, the newspaper gained notoriety for its bold and honest coverage, and sales and advertising grew.
Reporters liked to publish vigorous research without fear of censorship and enchanted readers with a publication from which they could read stories that no one else dared to cover.
Eight years after Riodoce was founded, the newspaper won the prestigious Maria Moors Cabot Award for its coverage of Latin America.
In the same year, Valdez won the International Press Freedom Prize of the Committee for the Protection of Journalists (AKK) for his courage in following Mexican drug stories wherever they lead.
He openly admitted that he was afraid.
"I want to live on," he said, accepting the AKK award.
Last October, in an interview with Rompeviento TV, he said that drug trafficking is a way of life in Sinaloa.
"You have to take on the task that comes with being a journalist - another way is to play stupid.
I don't want to be asked what I did in the face of so many deaths or why I didn't tell what was going on. "
The Riodoce team longs for Valdez, a joker who crawled like a sailor, a friend who kindly shared hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
They relied on his routine.
He always wore his hat.
He crossed the office to the El Guayabo bar across the road and always sat at the same table.
Now they ask if his routine love became fatal to him.
His death has also made them doubt how best to do their jobs and survive.
"They don't like being bothered by these women, their children, their legitimate businesses, their secret landing sites used to transport drugs."
"These things were not to be touched," Bojorquez said.
The result is strong self-censorship and self-sufficiency, even in the best of times.
Trusting your instincts.
If it smells suspicious, stay away.
According to Riodoce editor Andres Villarreal, the problem is that "the sense of smell can be deceived ... and that's how it happened to Javier".
He and others say the old rules no longer apply in Sinaloa, just as they do in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero or other states home to a toxic community of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
The landscape is constantly changing.
In the room where Riodoce staff met for security training, mobile phones were suddenly no longer allowed; a few days before, it was revealed that only spyware sold to governments had been used in Mexico to monitor journalists and activists.
In front of the house, two policemen sought relief from the 40-degree heat in the shade of a tree.
The government ordered them to guard the Riodoce office, located in a four-story building in Culiacan's middle-class neighborhood.
Some reporters wondered half-heartedly whether these police officers were among the 50 percent of police officers whom the governor himself had labeled as unreliable.
Several months have passed since reporters traveled to mountainous rural areas where control is de facto in the hands of drug gangs.
This week's issue of Riodoce covered three key stories.
One of them was the murder of the brother of former boxing legend Julio Cesar Chavez in Sinaloa.
In addition, they had a revealing story about spending government money on the governor's hometown.
And a group of people were abducted from one of Culiacan's most expensive restaurants, a block from the prosecutor's office.
There was no official announcement of who was abducted or how it happened, so care had to be taken when it was time to write what everyone in the city knows - the restaurant is a favorite of both drug dealers and the authorities.
The reporter learned from public documents that the restaurant is registered in the name of a politician who belongs to the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (IRP), which dominated all levels of politics for almost the entire last century.
Recently, several IRP governors have been accused of corruption in widespread cases.
Villarreal asked the reporter to write about previous incidents in the same place, including how the son of Guzman, nicknamed El Chapo, escaped the military raid.
Just a few months earlier, readers would have searched the Valdez column for information on kidnapping from the best sources.
"We would have known what had happened before," said Villarreal, 46, whose sleek physique has earned him the nickname El Flaco.
"Now all communication channels with our sources are broken."
The Valdez office has become a storage place for labels and stickers protesting against the killing of journalists, and the editorial staff has become something they could never expect - activists on behalf of the press.
Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few signs and headed the next morning to the local prosecutor's office for a demonstration for another journalist.
Salvador Adame disappeared in western Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.
A burnt body has been found and officials say it belongs to him based on DNA tests.
Journalists across the country have become louder and scribble the phrase "SOS press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protest.
On this day, President Bojorquez is away in Washington, trying to gather international support to bring justice to Valdez's case.
The day after Valdez's death, in a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa, Ramirez accused the authorities of spying on and killing journalists for telling the truth.
He then asked to be diverted from reflecting on the government's actions, fearing that anger had affected his objectivity.
Valdez had repeatedly said that Mexican journalists were "restricted" by organized crime, complicit government officials, and an indifferent society.
In his latest book, Drug Press, he wrote that reporters are not only killed by drug forces, but also by politicians and security forces who have been involved in organized crime.
The media watchdog Articulo 19 attributed more than half of the attacks on journalists to police and government officials last year.
"In Mexico, you're dying because you want to be silent," Ramirez said.
The murders are obviously blood-curdling.
No one forgets the death of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas six years ago.
His body was found along with a letter presumably signed by the Los Zetas cartel: "I'm here for my reports."
Next to his severed head lay a computer keyboard and headphones.
Some publications have decided to close their doors, such as the newspaper El Norte in the northern border state of Chihuahua after the assassination of their correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
Others are firing, as the El Manana de Nuevo Laredo newspaper did after the murder of their president in 2004.
In 2010, the newspaper Diario de Ciudad Juarez spoke publicly about drug cartels with an editorial on the front page entitled "What do you want from us?".
Some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.
It's a nerve-wracking decision.
It is difficult to find work in exile and they still have to stare in the streets to avoid danger.
And sometimes they are being chased, as was probably the case with photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered with four women in 2015 in an apartment in Mexico three months after escaping from Veracruz.
Those who stay put and keep working have to dance around risky decisions every day.
Ibarra, who once wanted to become a poet, admits that covering the drug business scares him.
"Mexico is on its way to hell and that's why I started as a reporter," he said.
At midnight on a recent Friday, when the latest issue had already been locked, Riodoce's editors sat on the sidewalk in front of the office and sipped their beer when suddenly everyone's phones began to vibrate.
In the coastal resort town of Mazatlan, 19 people were killed in firefighting between rival gangs and security forces.
The war continued to escalate, as promised by several messages left by cartels found in the region.
From the side of the sidewalk, reporters posted the news on the Riodoce website using a mobile phone.
The front cover of the next day needed to be changed.
The sirens flashed past - another exchange of fire in the area.
Bojorquez peered at the police on duty to see if they were vigilant.
Even if they were afraid, at least they didn't show it.
Under a massive portrait of the newspaper's fallen founder, with his middle finger visible across Sinaloa, Riodoce employees followed in his footsteps.
"How could you think of closing at all," Bojorquez said, "when on the same day Javier was killed, the trainee asked me to send him to the streets for a report?"
The dinosaur used protective paint to avoid enemies
At first glance, it looks like a shape, although quite scary.
Scientists have now unveiled the first findings of an incredible rhino-sized creature discovered by a Canadian miner, which is so well preserved that experts have described it as the "Mona Lisa of dinosaurs."
It has been preserved so well that it was even possible to establish that his scaly skin was reddish-brown and that his past had been somewhat "intricate".
A report in Current Biology described the creature as "the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found" and "one of the best dinosaur states in the world."
The fossil is a new species of nodosaurus that lived in the middle of the Cretaceous, 110-112 million years ago.
Its incredibly good preservation struck scientists who describe it as "truly remarkable."
According to National Geographic magazine, this armored vegetarian is the best-preserved type of fossil ever found.
It was found on March 21, 2011 by Shawn Funk when he mined the Suncor Millennium mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada.
He hit something that did not resemble the surrounding stone and decided to investigate further.
The discovered fossil was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Paleontological Museum.
For the next six years, work was done to excavate the animal from a 2,500-pound (1,100-kilogram) plot.
After all this hard work, the end result is now finally ready to be presented to the public.
"If you squint a little, you can almost believe he's asleep," said lead author Caleb Brown, a researcher at the Royal Tyrrell Museum where the creature is on display.
"It goes down in scientific history as one of the most beautiful and best-preserved dinosaur statues - the dinosaur Mona Lisa."
Examining his skin, the researchers found that the herbivore, which is covered in scales and resembles a walking tank, was likely to be significantly endangered by carnivorous dinosaurs.
This multi-scaled dinosaur used a protective red and white color to hide from predators, and applied a shading technique called repulsion, which is also used by many modern animals.
According to experts, this allowed the dinosaur to better integrate into the surroundings and avoid enemies, as larger dinosaurs were likely to hunt him down.
This 110 million-year-old nodosaurus creature first made news in May and is now open to the public at the Royal Tyrrell Paleontological Museum.
Scientists have now studied the name and named it after Mark Mitchell, a laboratory technician at the Borealopelta markmitchell museum, who was part of a team that spent more than 7,000 hours laboriously exposing the animal.
Thanks to the amazingly good preservation of the specimen, Dr. Mitchell and an international team of scientists were able to document the shape and size of the scales on the animal's body.
They discovered the counterattack, a method of protection common in the animal kingdom, which means that the upper side of the creature was darker than the lower side.
Although resistance is widespread, the findings come as a surprise, as Borealopelta is much larger than live animals with resistance today.
This suggests that the dinosaur was sufficiently actively hunted by other carnivorous dinosaurs that evolution preferred shelter to confrontation rather than confrontation.
However, most modern animals that use retaliation, such as deer, zebras, or armadillas, are much smaller and more vulnerable in prey, suggesting that the nodosaurus had to work really hard to survive.
"The vigorous hunting of a dinosaur covered in enormous and numerous scales shows how dangerous the Cretaceous dinosaur predators could have been," Brown said.
Chemical analysis of the organic compounds in the scales also revealed that the skin of the dinosaur was reddish brown.
Researchers continue to study the animal to get clues about its life, including the preserved contents of its gut, to find out what the animal ate for its last meal.
They believe that the dinosaur died in the river, reaching the sea, where it sank with its back to the ocean floor.
At the time, Alberta was as warm as South Florida is today, and rivers and oceans were likely to extend much further inland than they are today.
"This nodosaurus is truly remarkable because it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, while also remaining three-dimensional, retaining the animal's original shape," Brown said.
"As a result, the animal looks almost the same today as it did in the Cretaceous.
You don't have to use a lot of imagination to reconstruct it - just squint your eyes and it seems like he's asleep. "
The Cretaceous was a time when huge two-legged carnivorous dinosaurs - teropods - roamed Earth.
Although the king of all of them, Tyrannosaurus rex, lived millions of years later than Borealopelta, this armored dinosaur may have been hunted by some of his formidable predecessors.
These include the Acrocanthosaurus, a monster 38 feet (11.5 meters) long and weighing six tons.
Scientists, whose recent findings have been published in the journal Current Biology, believe that Borealopelta was washed into the sea after death and mummified in the mud.
The creature was discovered on March 21, 2011 by Shawn Funk when he mined the Millennium mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada.
According to the museum, it is the best-preserved armored dinosaur in the world, including skin and armor, and it is a complete cone to the hips.
These creatures were on average 18 feet (five meters) tall and weighed up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
Two 20-inch spikes protruded from its shoulders.
Scientists believe this armored herbivore adventure through present-day western Canada until a flooded river washed it into the high seas.
However, the dinosaur's submarine burial site helped preserve its scales in great detail.
The petrified remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that the convex armor plates along the skulls of the dinosaur are still covered by skin debris.
As Michael Greshko wrote in National Geographic: "This degree of preservation is as rare as lottery winning.
The more I look at it, the more incredible it seems.
Petrified skin remains still cover the bulging armor plates on the animal's skull.
The right foreleg rests next to him and the five toes are extended upwards.
I can count the armor on his sole. "
How did one activist find the answer to the question "Whose streets?"
On August 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell received a complete shock.
Just a day after traveling to New York, it sat on St. Louis, a resident of Airbnb, rented a room in bed, browsing Facebook on his phone.
He ended up on a post with his former schoolmate.
It read, "Police just killed an 18-year-old teenager and he's still lying on the street."
He was confused as to why no one else had posted this information in his feed, so he shut down Facebook and opened Twitter.
@TheePharoah's posts were repeatedly reshared on his timeline.
St. A rapper from the Louis District provided a real-time tweet about the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old black man killed by a white policeman in Ferguson, Missouri.
He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body lying on the street, staying there for four hours.
"It's crazy," Ferrell thought to himself.
But death was nothing new to him or his community.
He hung up his phone, but saw tweets again later in the evening, this time announcing a crowd on Canfield Drive.
Photos were shared of a police tape and screaming people and a man who claimed to be Brown's father and kept a sign with the words "Ferguson police killed my unarmed son!".
He watched a real-time stream where a policeman was standing in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.
In another video, another policeman said he stabbed a gun and shouted, "I'm going to kill you all ... animals."
Ferrell remembers how he hit himself with the thought, "It's unusual."
"" It's not the kind of murder we're used to, and we might call it typical. "
I felt scared at that moment.
I was angry and cried. ”
He booked a return flight and drove home the next day.
After landing at 11 pm, he went after his father's six-year-old daughter and decided that the two of them would drive Ferguson the next morning.
What happened to Ferrell and Ferguson over the next three years is a central theme in the new documentary "Whose Streets?" ("Whose Streets?"), Which premieres in cinemas on August 11.
It is a story of survival and protest, of love and loss, of strength and tenacity from the perspective of the people who live in this community and who filled the streets demanding answers.
As Ferrell and his daughter, who wore a floral dress and a matching crown on their head, drove toward Ferguson, they again talked about a topic they had talked to repeatedly before that morning about the experiences and living conditions of blacks.
"Remember when I taught you how the black community had to fight for their rights?" he recalls asking himself.
"We're driving in Ferguson right now because police killed an 18-year-old boy and that's not right."
"I couldn't take him with me," Ferrell said later.
"What is happening now is ... the culmination of what has happened in the past.
He must know and see it and grow in the middle of it.
He needs to learn about activism and organization, while also knowing the different layers of black experiences and living conditions, and what we need to do to be free and free ourselves.
Even if I manage to raise her without personally experiencing blatant racism, she is no different from any other black girl.
I feel like I would do him a disservice if I protect him from this world. "
The first stop they made when they reached Ferguson was on the way to South Florissant, a place across the road from the police station that had become a kind of camp site where activists were waiting for news of police officer Darren Wilson, who was not finally charged.
There, Ferrell and his daughter joined forces with a local business owner who was preparing lunches.
They put together the food bags and helped distribute them to the protesters.
For Ferrelli, a new type of activism slowly began to take shape.
"My activism changed completely after August 9," he said, noting that when he was in Missouri-St. A student at the University of Louis, he was president of the Union of Minority Nursing Students and focused on food justice and health inequalities in black communities.
"I had no organizational experience.
It all just went well. ”
Weeks later, during an evening demonstration, Ferrell met with Sabaah Folayan, a co-director of a film.
Folayan said he and film director Lucas Alvarado-Farrar simply wanted to document what was happening.
Ferrell wondered, "Are you trying to document what's going on or find a story that can be exploited?"
Such skepticism has resulted from countless cases where people - often white people - come into the community and try to benefit from its pain and resilience.
Folayan explained in a recent interview: "We had heard that the voices of people born and raised in Ferguson are not heard, and we wanted to do it differently."
Folayan had already shaken hands with co-director Damon Davis, a regional artist known for his activism on prisoners sentenced to death.
His involvement made the project appealing to Ferrelli and six other locals in the movie "Whose Streets?" the team watched for years after Brown's shooting.
"In this documentary, no one is talking about us or us, we are talking about ourselves," Davis said.
"It was important to me how these people are portrayed, because that's how I am portrayed."
Although the goal was not to focus on Ferrelli's experience — to show that the movement was not a "savior's guide, but a community gathering," as Folayan said, he became the film's most open party.
As a result, document "Whose Streets?" surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrelli’s life, such as falling in love and marrying his wife.
"I felt like I was naked," Ferrell said, laughing the first time he saw the finished film.
"But I realized that doing this work and humanizing black people must be accompanied by a certain vulnerability."
What's more, Ferrell's story re-emphasizes and re-focuses on the role of the black homosexual woman in the wider Black Lives Matter movement.
Two of the three initiators of the movement, who came up with the topic reference #BlackLivesMatter on social media in 2012 after the killing of black teenager Trayvon Martin, are homosexual.
"Black homosexual women in leadership roles have maintained the movement in general," Ferrell said, "precisely because we must constantly fight on multiple fronts.
Black homosexual women have to bear all this burden. "
Folayan agreed, noting that "the movement is indeed kept alive by black women, and many of them are black homosexual women."
He argues, however, that "this is not some kind of equal opportunity" - Ferrelli was not chosen as the centerpiece of the film because of his identity.
"He was a person who exhaled the right energy," he said.
"But it is no coincidence that she was right on the front line, because there is a lot at stake in living in such hubs as a black homosexual woman.
His energy can be felt through the screen. "
At the same time, news cameras have long since disappeared from Ferguson, but racial ties between the community and the police remain fragile.
The conditional sentence imposed on Ferrell for blocking the road during the protest will last another 2.5 years.
He describes the socio-political climate in the area he calls home, simply a "huge boom".
Nevertheless, he still attaches importance to the mantra he has etched in his memory since he took to the streets of Ferguson three years ago.
"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
It is our duty to win.
We must love and support each other.
We have nothing to lose but our chains. ”
7 tips on how to get over a hangover after a Weekend party
After a lively party, some of the stronger boys will find something to help.
Or based on the saying "avoid hangovers, stay drunk".
But it's just an inevitable postponement and a decent health spur.
What can you do to feel better in the morning and get over the hangover as painlessly as possible after today's and tomorrow's Weekend troll - or other party?
Drink water.
Alcohol down and on, after a big party in the morning ... or even alcohol instead if possible.
Because the body loses a lot of fluid when it consumes alcohol, it must be regained.
Along with water, minerals are also washed out of the body, so it is good to drink mineral water.
As the stomach is often irritated after snapping, it is especially good if it is bubble-free or only slightly carbonated.
Go for a walk.
It would certainly not be worthwhile to go to Grandma with a hangover to cut down trees - it could be a fatal wrong decision.
But a light walk helps the body to recall what it feels like to be alive.
Lying in a tent and sleeping in a hangover is a more time-consuming way to recover.
Give energy back to your body gradually and carefully.
If you're vomiting yesterday's drink, it's definitely not worth trying to load a big fat steak into your stomach.
For example, start with fresh juice, which contains fruit sugars that quietly invigorate your body.
If by noon your health is already suffering, you could try broth, for example.
And a little later.
Avoid coffee.
This diuretic releases the last water from your body.
As already mentioned: water and juice are your friends.
Do not invest in painkillers.
If you take painkillers to prevent a hangover in the evening, your liver will have to deal with paracetamol or ibuprofen in addition to alcohol, and you will lose performance.
This will damage your liver even more and in the future, the hangovers will be worse.
In addition, the painkiller doesn't last long in the body anyway.
If you take painkillers in the morning, do not do it on an empty stomach - it will irritate your already ragged stomach.
Or if you don't have a partner, you can get along well with yourself.
It works in much the same way as walking, but walking does not give you an orgasm.
However, avoid too active a pace and crazy postures - during a hangover, physical exertion should be moderate.
Have fun.
Talk foolishly with your friends and co-sufferers, do simple nonsense and laugh kindly about yourself and others (suffering).
Joke and laughter may not drive away a hangover, but they are definitely more fun to endure.
One day the hangover will go over anyway!
A professor in Northwestern and an Oxford University staff are being wanted as murder suspects
Police say a professor at the University of Northwestern and an Oxford University staff are being searched nationwide to become suspects after finding the body of a man with deadly stabbing wounds in a luxury apartment in Chicago.
According to Cook County court documents, non-custodial arrest warrants were issued on Monday for the arrest of 42-year-old Wyndham Lathem and 56-year-old Andrew Warren on charges of first-degree murder for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau.
According to documents, 26-year-old Cornell-Duranleau died after repeated stabbing.
The body was discovered on July 27, according to a warning issued to the community by the Chicago Police Department.
Police officers received a phone call and found a victim with several stab wounds on the body upon arrival at the Grand Plaza apartment building.
Officials said Cornell-Duranleau was declared dead at the scene and investigators see the stabbing as murder, while police are actively searching for the two suspects.
Lathem has been an Associate Professor of Microbiology and Immunology at the University of Northwestern since 2007.
Alan K. Cubbage, the university's vice president of public relations, said in an e-mail that Lathem has now been suspended and has been barred from entering Northwestern University campuses.
"This is now a criminal case under investigation by the competent authorities, and the University of Northwestern is working with investigators," Cubbage said.
Warren is a Senior Assistant in the Finance Department at Oxford University.
A spokesman for the university and Somerville College said in an e-mailed statement: "We have been in contact with the British police and are ready to assist the US investigative services in any way they can."
In addition, the statement said Warren's colleagues were shocked and wanted him to betray himself.
Anthony Guglielmi, head of the Chicago Police Department's communications department, urges suspects to surrender to the authorities.
"The police have an idea of where they are, but we are working harder and harder to determine the exact location," Guglielmi said.
According to Guglielm, local, regional and national authorities are helping to find the suspects.
Guglielmi said that the police received a phone call from the manager of the Grand Plaza apartment building, who had just received a cryptic hint that something had happened in apartment No. 1008.
According to the police, it was a buttery sight.
According to Guglielm, it is not clear whether the event itself took place on July 27.
He said security cameras confirmed Lathem and Warren were in the building.
"We believe that Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," Guglielmi added.
The Grand Plaza management wrote to residents: "Police are currently working on a chronology of events and the victim's background, and are investigating various motives, including the possibility that there was a family quarrel."
Start-ups that help your business avoid becoming the next Uber
Amy Errett wanted to measure employee satisfaction at her e-commerce start-up, but the surveys were fruitless.
The answers were often vague, useless or, worse, misleading.
And even though he promised to ensure anonymity, some employees did not trust the process.
"This system just wasn't consistent and objective," said Errett, who runs Madison Reed, an e-commerce company that sells hair care products in San Francisco with 75 employees.
So he called in outsiders.
New types of human resources start-ups are emerging to help companies find out what their employees feel.
By developing and licensing software specifically designed to measure employee engagement, they enable companies to conduct sudden surveys, target specific teams and demographics, provide employees with anonymity and a hotline for complaints, and in some cases allow speakers to bypass C-level managers and turn to them. directly to the board.
"There are now tools like Strava and Fitbit for health monitoring, but where is Fitbit for your business?" asked Jim Barnett, co-founder and CEO of Redwood City start-up Glint, whose software analytics tools companies use to measure employee engagement.
According to Errett, in the three years he has used Glint, he has got a much better idea of what his employees think and feel.
In addition to sudden surveys and surveys of specific teams, it provides a company heat map that provides an overview of which departments have the most complaints and which managers have the lowest support, allowing it to identify the reasons.
Companies are beginning to realize that they need to stay abreast of their work culture in order not to become the next Uber to have been entangled in scandals since the former employee published a blog post describing the harassing environment in which those who dared to speak were punished.
For start-ups like Glint, having an insight is a lucrative business opportunity.
Global governance, regulation and compliance could be worth more than $ 118.7 billion by 2020, according to Let's Talk Payments, a financial technology statistics website.
Convercent, a Denver-based start-up in Colorado that helps companies prevent and detect inappropriate behavior, saw an increase in interest and activity this year against Uber's dubious reputation.
Convercent has almost 600 customers, including Airbnb, Microsoft and Tesla.
Uber recently registered as a customer.
Like Glintki, Convercent lets companies send custom impulse surveys, collect confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps from problem areas.
It also provides an anonymous messaging line that allows employees to report inappropriate behavior.
And when it comes to the CEO, complaints go directly to the board.
"Public opinion has usurped regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, founder and CEO of Convercent.
Quinlan said that if a company is found to be treating its employees badly or behaving unethically, the company could face serious consequences, such as consumer boycotts, employee layoffs and lawsuits, even if regulators do not intervene.
Ruby Tuesday, a restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees in 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of the rules and procedures and provide an easy way to communicate with the corporation's headquarters.
If an employee wanted to report a problem earlier, they had to find the phone number or email address of the corporation's headquarters, file a formal complaint, and hope it would be taken seriously.
It was often a frustrating and inconvenient process, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesday's general counsel, who said there was no good way to monitor employee complaints.
However, now that the company is using Convercent, problems such as discrimination, harassment, or unfair pay practices that previously did not reach executives in offices in other cities or states can be identified and addressed more quickly.
"I can get closer to the employees' holistic 360-degree experience," said Vitrano, who heads Ruby Tuesday's risk management team.
"And we protect our shareholders from litigation with employees."
Quinlan said companies began to take ethical behavior, values and employee engagement much more seriously in 2002, after the failure of audit firm Arthur Andersen due to ethical violations in connection with the Enron scandal.
However, it wasn't until "social media matured" that companies realized that they could not prevent their black laundry from being washed publicly online.
"Before using technology to monitor ethical behavior, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, charging companies a periodic fee for using their products.
It is a business model and an opportunity with the approval of venture capital investors who have supported both start-ups.
In February, Convercent was funded by $ 10 million from companies such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing the total to $ 47 million.
Glint invested $ 10 million in Bessemer Venture Partners in November, increasing the company's total funding to $ 60 million.
Such investments come as no surprise, given the interrelationship between business, culture and venture capital.
More and more research shows that today's employees expect more from the workplace than before.
In competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high wages and interesting projects are just bets on the table.
Employees want to feel accepted and valued, and that they dedicate their time to a company with a positive mission.
"When people are happy in the company, feel that they are listened to and that the work they do is rewarding, they are more committed to the success of the company," said Nina McQueen, Vice President of General Benefits and Employee Experience at LinkedIn, uses both Convercent and Glint.
Investors earn returns when the companies in their portfolios are doing well; companies will do well if employees are committed and involved.
While third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee engagement and involvement, it's no wonder they find support.
Having data on employee involvement is important, according to work culture experts.
However, this information is useless if the company's supervisors do nothing about it.
In fact, when a company asks its employees for feedback, it can create expectations that change awaits.
And if change doesn't happen fast enough or not at all, it can be frustrating and reduce employee involvement.
"If you ask 4,000 proposals, you have to be ready for 4,000 conversations," said Russell Raath, president of consulting and business management company Kotter International, who has seen companies make the mistake of relying too much on data collection.
“Because if things don’t finish, the staff will think,‘ Did you really listen to me?
Do you care
And if you don't care, why should I care? ""
According to Errett, Madison Reed, who now conducts surveys among employees once a month, has been able to take action on the same day the problem is reported through Glint.
And after receiving feedback from employees who were disappointed with the speed of decision-making and the quality of communication, he was able to reorganize several teams in the company and offer communication training to deal with problems.
However, Ruby Tuesdays is collecting new data on employees and it is hoped that in the long run this will lead to a longer-term commitment of employees in an industry known for its high workforce turnover.
"If you are not committed to transparency, you will lose people," Vitrano said.
"And if you lose people, you lose customers.
And if you lose customers, you lose businesses. ”
The bright star of the euro area is the Baltics: incomes are growing rapidly
Although the 2008 crisis and trade problems with Russia have affected the Baltics, the three Baltic states are rapidly approaching the incomes of rich countries in Western Europe, Bloomberg writes, referring to the European Central Bank's report.
According to the central bank, since 1999 the total output of the economy per capita in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania has exceeded expectations.
Success is driven by low debt, rapidly improving institutions and business- and free-market-friendly policies.
"The Baltic countries, together with Slovakia, are among the few eurozone countries where real GDP per capita in purchasing power has significantly approached the EU average," the central bank said.
Although the goal is to make the GDP per capita equal to the richer Western Europe, in 2015 the GDP per capita of the Baltic economies was only 2/3 of the average of the 15 countries that belonged to the European Union before the 2004 enlargement round.
Low wages have led Baltics to look for better wages abroad.
Although the European Central Bank sees the Baltics in a positive light and the economy is also growing this year, the locals are by no means enthusiastic.
According to the latest Eurobarometer survey, only a quarter of Latvians and Lithuanians rated their economies as doing very well, or rather well.
In the Czech Republic and Poland, slightly less than half of those surveyed thought this about their economies.
The NCAA's decision to cancel twice-daily training makes Bruins days long
It's almost 11 p.m.
Some of them have peeled off their shirts, exposing the sweaty back of their training camp on the first day.
For a large part of the team, these idle minutes offer a lunch break.
After three hours of training, players taking part in the summer courses will return to the dormitory to study for the final exams before returning to the Wasserman Football Center for meetings the following morning at 6.30.
"The next three days are a real challenge for them," Bruins coach Jim Mora said shortly before Monday became Tuesday.
The NCAA's decision to cancel twice-day training to reduce the workload has, in fact, made their days longer - at least until one side of the final exams on Friday.
For this reason, UCLA's first three training sessions were scheduled to begin at 7.15pm to fit the players' already tight schedule.
Switching from two workouts a day means more days with one workout - the Bruins training camp was raised almost a week ahead of the previous season, and for the first time in Mora's six Westwood seasons, training takes place during summer courses.
They have 18 training sessions until August 20, before official preparations for the September opening game against Texas A&amp;M begin.
According to Mora, he is in favor of the NCAA rule change, although it will add another agenda item to the players' tight schedules.
"They have a huge workload in three or four days and it's a serious challenge," Mora said.
"And they shall break through this temptation: they shall labor, they shall be young men.
I believe that when Saturday arrives and we have more time, it will be really enjoyable. "
When the camp is over, UCLA will make the training closed, which is by no means an easy task given the clear view of their squares from the nearby parking lot and the nearby Luskin Center, a high-class hotel that has already been hit by the safety net surrounding the goal post.
From this weekend, the hotel will be occupied by Bruins players, but Mora admitted that there may be problems with availability during the season.
"We are implementing security measures," Mora said.
"It 's a real concern and it' s no exaggeration to think that people can rent a room and film a workout.
If you have a recording of your workout, you can make a pretty good deal with it.
But we use a security team there and in the 8th parking lot.
We do our best using our existing ones.
I try not to worry much about that.
We have a plan in place. ”
The Savisaare-Ivanova electoral alliance, born in revenge for the Center Party, Kristiina Ojuland, who was expelled from the Reform Party, and Maria Kaljuste, who was forced to leave EKRE, were formed as political parties.
However, the chicks are counted in the autumn, and the key question is whether they will all have enough frustrated voters.
Who will stay with Savisaar?
How small the support base of Edgar Savisaar has shrunk is to be seen in the events organized in honor of his electoral alliance.
One member of the Riigikogu, some former and current Center Party members and many unknown faces - will this be the composition of the electoral alliance?
And can the reason why some loyal supporters and friends of Savisaar evade candidacy in Tallinn be found in the fact that the "Savisaar list" of deportees, headed by corrupt people and suspects in corruption crimes, is becoming a reality?
A music video for a Russian-language pop song filmed on the roof of the city district government, in which the elder of Lasnamäe district participates; and in every sense a rudimentary computer game in which the main character, Prime Minister Jüri Ratas, has to avoid bumps and squirrels on the road while riding a bicycle - is this how the Center Party is trying for the first time to vote for 16- and 17-year-old voters?
We are waiting to see what other parties think about the youth-like election campaign.
If Kanal 2 or TV3 watches a black square instead of an entertainment program from the beginning of August, there are two choices: to agree that in the future only ETV, ETV2, ETV +, Tallinn TV and English-language France24 channels will be shown on free-to-air, or to hand over the top ten to some TV operators every month.
There are probably those who, at first, publicly rejoice at the ad-free television experience, but eventually - albeit reluctantly - pay for television and advertising.
Deafening music, noisy people and junk left on the streets are unpleasant side effects of almost every major music festival.
If you don't want to take part in the noise yourself, it's worth going to discover your homeland at home instead of hurting your head - and leaving the place to sleep for a hefty sum to the festival guests.
Washington is changing the rules of the green card
Media reports quote President Donald Trump, who said a new U.S. immigration plan is planned to change the rules of the green card.
The plan provides for a reduction in the number of legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining temporary work visas and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
The new rules have been proposed by Republicans and are supported by the President.
The bill will be debated in two houses of Congress.
"This law will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars in taxpayers' money by changing the way the US issues green cards to citizens of other countries.
The law will reduce chain migration and replace the current program.
"The new application process will give preference to English - speaking candidates who have the financial resources to support themselves and the skills that will benefit our economy," Trump told United States media.
Siberian Seto youth move to the city, retirees return to the countryside.
Yevseyev Anatoly continues the tradition of the famous Seto gold miners by the Maana River.
He works 140 kilometers from home as a driver in a gold barn by the Kuwa tributary of the Earth.
It's hard work: two hours in a row without holidays, 12 hours of work and then only ten days at home and back again.
During the three years he worked at Artell, Anatoly has only seen gold once.
"There is a tough order: when you go in, it is thoroughly checked that you don't bring vodka, and when you go out, you don't take gold with you," says Anatoli.
Mare Piho talking to a local Seto Jaan in the village of Haida, who has told him a lot about his family's memories in Siberia.
The still-preserved archaic culture of the Siberian Seto is also beginning to influence the domestic Seto, because it is simply so fabulous, thinks Piho Mare, who has studied distant Seto most thoroughly.
It will be 30 years since his first research trip to Siberia.
During this time, he has visited there 14 times and lived there for a total of one year.
How many Setos still migrated to Siberia in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to get land here?
This is an unresolved issue.
I claim that 8000.
I calculated it according to the stories of Siberian Seto men, who have thought about it themselves.
It is difficult to say exactly, because at that time up to 30 people could come in one group, but the passport was given only to a man.
Only one was given a passport, but he had children, sisters and other female relatives with him.
See how big this territory was here!
It was several times larger than the historic Setomaa.
It was necessary to educate it, to manage it in some way.
The Setos came here as peasants, but their lives changed because here they ended up in areas that were not only related to agriculture, but also to the river (log rafting), gold mining, industry.
In New Petser, for example, many Setos later went to work in the classified city of Krasnoyarsk-45 (where the Soviet authorities built a uranium enrichment plant - JP) when it was formed.
Did the Seto make up the majority of the population in this area at that time?
Yes, they lived compactly.
In addition, the tradition of marrying each other and many children remained for a long time.
Seven to eight children in the family were common.
How much did the Siberian Seto culture differ and differ from that of the mainland Seto?
They are different, although what was brought here was never the same there.
They brought a lot of folk costumes.
They then made (folk costumes) themselves, but they always made a distinction between what was brought and what was made here.
Climate change has had a major impact on traditional Seto clothing, as it is colder here.
The foods changed.
For example, in Setomaa, meat was salted, but here it was simply frozen.
Where are the Siberian Seto villages and what life is there? / graphics: Alari Paluots
The connection with the motherland was mentally strong, it was considered very important.
It seems to me that now this Setumaa is going to give back there, it is going to affect them.
Those girls who have lived here in families have listened to amazing stories.
Piho refers to the people of the Estonian Seto delegation who came to the village of Haida in early July for the Seto Kingdom Day and lived at home for four days - JP
What's left here is fabulous.
"It is very easy to come and go to Tapa, because the city has a great location: at the railway junction and at the intersection of roads," says Reigo Tamm, an opera soloist from Tapa.
The city has long been no longer just a military capital, we have many nature, sports and cultural places, and you can get a seal every corner.
Kill is a top-notch city!
There is a small island by the Valgejõgi River flowing through the city, where the people of Tapas usually have a Midsummer party.
"This beautiful place is not visible from the train window," Reigo mutters.
Those who are not afraid of cold water can swim in this river, because the river is full of springs.
I've been swimming there, I can do it!
You can have a picnic by the river and just make a romance - you can face the flow of the river and think about life before and after.
I have also walked there with my brides.
Opera soloist Tamm has, among other things, been on the river bank between three bridges to practice his arias: "Since this place is on the edge of the city, no one may come up against me when I ring my stories."
"Männikumäe offers a wonderful view of Tapa, but there are also health trails where you can run, ski in winter and now play, for example, disc golf - a golf course has been made, discs can be rented from the sports center," says Reigo.
The old pros go there with their discs, of course, but I haven't gotten to play there yet.
I probably have to invite my colleague Rasmus Kull to visit Tapa, because he is an experienced disc golf player and he has discs.
I guess he'll lend it to me!
Reigo and Männikumägi were inseparable during the childhood years of the current opera soloist.
At least during ski lessons.
There are many tears, disappointments and victories in my sports life left on this mountain.
Not to mention broken sleds and skis.
"The whole city center is currently under construction, all this is becoming unknown," Reigo praises.
However, the old and tired train station in Tapa is a very attractive place for summer performances.
I am glad that in 2012 the head of RAAAM, Märt Meos, accepted my idea and came to the train station to make a summer theater.
Although this year's theater season with "Alexei Karenin" has just ended, on August 11 there will be a "Resurrection" at the railway station, when the old railway station is moved around in the 1980s.
"From 11 to 13 August, the city of Tapa will have days, during which open cafés will be opened and a number of cultural events will take place, including a folk rally," says Reigo, who recommends visiting the city at the age of 91 on those days.
The museum has been located in a small yellow house on May 1 boulevard since 1994.
"The house is small, but there are a lot of exhibits and a lot of information," Reigo praises the place, which is full of the history of the city of Tapa, most of which focuses on railways and the military.
Reigo smiles that if you go through all the recommended places in Tapa, your stomach will go empty for a long time, but fortunately the small town is full of cafes.
"We have such good places to eat and sometimes sitting in cafes makes you feel like you're abroad," he describes.
Educated and young soldiers who have come to Tapa spend a lot of time in pubs and cafes, so sitting there is a strange feeling that you are in Estonia and your hometown, but there is such an international company around.
I think it would be very exciting to hear stories from the French or the Americans.
Soldiers, yes, we have a lot of moves!
In Greece, two Bulgarians were arrested for illegal camping
The TV channel bTV quoted the Foreign Ministry as saying that two Bulgarians had been arrested in Greece for illegal camping.
Police arrested a group of people camping illegally on the Sithonia peninsula on the morning of August 1, including two Bulgarians.
They were released on the same day, but an investigation is ongoing.
The Foreign Ministry told bTV that the Bulgarians were later released.
The Greek authorities have increased restrictions on free camping and are already imposing harsh fines on anyone who misses resting in a place not designed for this purpose.
Inspections continue throughout the season.
According to the ministry, the court may impose a fine.
Wolves that teach puppies go to break sheep.
After a year's break, the farmers of Hiiumaa have to give the wolves "training material" from their herd again - the wolves who probably taught the puppies have already broken a number of sheep.
This year, wolves have broken sheep in Hiiu County three times, a total of 23 sheep and injured eight, writes Hiiu Leht.
Last year, the corresponding number was only three, a year earlier it was 124.
The data of the Environmental Agency that no wolf litters were born in Hiiumaa last year and the information of the Hiiumaa Hunting Council that two wolf litters have been fixed on the island this year are also in sync with the breaks.
On the night of Monday, the wolves broke 15 sheep in the village of Kabuna, Emmaste municipality, and injured half of the 18 surviving sheep.
Early Wednesday morning, the wolves broke one sheep in the pasture of Reheselja village and seriously injured another, who had to be killed in an emergency.
The rules for handling genetically modified crops must be clear
The Ministry of Rural Affairs sent a draft law amending the Act on the Release of Genetically Modified Organisms into the Environment (GMOVS) and the Plant Protection Act to the coordination circle.
The amendment to the law waives the creation of a separate database for both genetically modified (GM) crop locations and handlers, for which the plant health register will be used in the future.
In addition, the obligation for the GM crop operator to have a prior agreement with the beekeeper within the prescribed radius is amended.
Although genetically modified crops are not currently grown in Estonia, we consider it necessary to have clear rules for the coexistence of genetically modified and non-genetically modified crops.
At least until it is decided to declare Estonia GMO-free, "said Sigmar Suu, Head of the Plant Health Department of the Ministry of Rural Affairs.
"At the same time, it must be taken into account that the measures developed must be targeted and proportionate, taking into account the costs and administrative burden for both the private and public sectors," Suu added.
The draft law repeals the provisions related to the database and handling training of GM crop locations and handlers in GMOVS, establishes the requirements for GM crop handling and commencement of economic activities.
With regard to beekeeping in particular, the current obligation for the GM crop grower to inform beekeepers of the start of the cultivation of the GM crop will be replaced by the obligation to reach an appropriate agreement with the beekeeper before the start of the cultivation.
The draft law has been sent to the ministries for approval.
All interested parties have the opportunity to get acquainted with it in the information system of the draft and, if desired, to submit their opinion to the Ministry of Rural Affairs.
The planned changes will primarily affect persons operating in the field of crop production, beekeepers and the Agricultural Board.
In the European Union, including Estonia, only one GM crop is allowed to be grown - MON 810 maize.
So far, however, no Estonian farmer is interested in growing GM crops.
The reason is the fact that there is no maize pest in Estonia, the European stem borer, to which the maize line MON 810 is resistant.
The varieties of this maize line are also bred in the southern regions and this maize is not suitable for our climatic conditions.
In order to obtain the above assurance, the Ministry of Rural Affairs has commissioned in 2015 and 2016 surveys to detect possible contamination with GM organisms in the seeds of various varieties of summer rape, maize and soybeans grown in Estonia.
The results of the analysis of the samples taken showed that the seeds did not contain foreign genes and as a result of the study it was concluded that the seeds of rapeseed, maize and soybean varieties grown in Estonia do not contain genetically modified organisms.
In turn, it can be concluded from the above that genetically modified crops are not knowingly grown in Estonia, and it was also confirmed that no accidental contamination has occurred.
Jose Mourinho thinks Manchester United recruited Nemanja Matic in the form of "genius"
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United have recruited "genius" in the form of Nemanja Matic after making his debut against midfielder Sampdoria on Wednesday night.
The player, bought from Chelsea for £ 40m, started in United's last pre-season game in Dublin before the Uefa Super Cup against Real Madrid on Tuesday in a 2-1 win in the starting lineup, making an impressive defense, while Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira were free to attack.
But being left out of Blues' pre-season Asian tour, Maticul desperately missed the match form and lasted only 45 minutes. According to Mourinho, this must be fixed before the start of the Premier League season.
"He needs time, but he has experience, intelligence, a brilliant mindset - he has a football mindset," Mourinho said.
"We'll help him get in shape as soon as possible."
Like Matic, other newly recruited Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku started in the starting line-up at Aviva Stadium, and Mourinho quietly began to set up his eleven starting men at the start of the season.
The Independent announced this week that Mourinho still wants to recruit three more footballers, but confirmed that the club has already done an "excellent job" by signing contracts with three of its four priority choices.
"I am grateful to the club that they were able to realize three out of four," he added.
"I'm even happier if they can make four out of four a reality, but they've worked hard for me."
Another son-in-law got a GSM transmitter on August 1, and this time in Muhu.
According to Mati Martinson, a birdwatcher living in Sõrve, the first stork was born in Sõrve, equipped with an escort, and this litter is already flying around, has left the nesting site and joined the large overnight stay in Mullutu-Suurlahti.
This is because there is no grain field in Sõrve, writes the Voice of the Islands.
This Tuesday, it was relatively late to ring the storks, another stork was sent to the escort on the island of Muhu.
According to Martinson, the installation of transmitters is actually an international project, led by Aivar Leito and Ivar Ojaste.
Last year, a stork son named Mati was equipped with a GSM transmitter in Sõrve, Türju.
"His activities can all be seen on the Internet: how he went to winter in Spain, came back to the German-Polish border for a while and then came to Saaremaa," Martinson said.
The British inventor had a microchip installed in his body to get into the house and car with a hand gesture
The British inventor became the first person in the country to be fitted with a microchip so that he could open his front, enter the office and even start a car with a simple gesture.
33-year-old Steven Northam had a small chip installed between his thumb and forefinger and now offers this service through his company BioTeq to businesses and individuals who want to make their lives easier with technology.
He has joined forces with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anesthesiologist at the Royal Hospital of Hampshire, Winchester, Winchester, to ensure that the installation procedure meets medical standards.
The technology is similar to that of a microchip installed in cats and dogs, and the procedure takes only 30 seconds.
The Northam company also replaces locks in houses and cars to match the chip, asking for £ 300 for one lock.
This married father of one child has now installed the technology both at home and in his car BMW Z4, which starts when his hand is at the wheel.
The White House exhibit cost taxpayers thousands
According to military documents released to TIME magazine, the White House's decision to fly a naval helicopter to a southern courtyard last month cost taxpayers as much as $ 24,000.
The green and white Sikorsky VH-3D, called Marine One while the president was on board, was the focus of an event on July 17 at the White House to showcase American construction programs.
President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior White House officials toured industrial products from all 50 states during their tour.
The Connecticut-built helicopter was on display along with a yacht from Maine, a fire truck from Wisconsin and a forklift made in Mississippi.
According to documents from the Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the White House's military cabinet required a helicopter presence command, FARGO, just 36 hours before the helicopter landed in the south yard for an "unusual" event.
"I wanted you to be aware of this, because it is an unusually high-profile event," the HMX-1 commander said in an email the day before the event to his commander, a deputy senior naval officer in the field of aviation.
The message stated that the helicopter would arrive in the south yard on the morning of 17 July at around 7 pm for an event starting at 3 pm and would remain there until the yard was cleaned between 6 pm and 9 pm that evening.
It was added that if leaving the White House were to be delayed, a second crew would be needed for the return flight due to working time restrictions.
The original flight crew was at the helicopter during the event and the squadron security crew remained close to the aircraft throughout its stay on the ground.
It was not possible to read from the documents given to TIME whether or not a second crew was needed in the end.
The Hatch Act prohibits federal workers from using government assets for political purposes.
The documents show that the HMX-1 investigated whether the event could infringe this provision.
"We asked if it violated Hatch's law, and we were told not to violate it," the commander wrote.
"Looks like you have no choice," replied the deputy senior officer.
The White House declared the event "made in America" an official event, and Hatch's law would not have covered it.
But even official events have political undertones.
The President supported the health care reform efforts being discussed at the Senate at the event and praised efforts to keep government regulations under control.
The use of aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically lucrative purposes is not a new phenomenon.
Presidents must use them for travel.
However, the requirement to use them purely for a photo session is unusual.
Trump came to the fore in February as his presidential plane rolled into the background at his first campaign event in Melbourne, Florida, and his Twitter account is teeming with messages complaining about how his predecessor used the presidential plane.
"The White House is very pleased with the 'Made in America' exhibition, which features products from all 50 states made by American workers from American materials," said Lindsay Walters, White House spokeswoman.
HMX-1 teams often test drive around Washington and in the south yard to practice dropping to the White House of the President of the United States with centimeter accuracy.
When Trump was at the G20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 made 58 test landings in the White House courtyard.
According to the official, the flight to the event was included in the "made in America" flight crew standard for that month.
The squadron's helicopters flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions."
According to the White House, no other exhibitor of this event loaded the taxpayer's wallet.
According to a representative of Sikorsky, the company was not involved in organizing the display of the helicopter in the south yard.
HMX-1 does not keep budget documents for the president's flights and it is difficult to determine the exact cost of the event.
But according to the Ministry of Defense's 2017 hourly rates, the VH-3D compensation rate is $ 24,380 per flight hour.
The squadron documents stated that the length of the flight from its main base at Naval Quantico Airport in Virginia was 30 minutes each way.
The White House argues that the actual cost of using a helicopter is well below that amount.
"Calculating taxpayers' costs based on estimated reimbursement rates is very misleading," Walters said.
"These estimated reimbursement rates include staff, maintenance and many other sunk costs, which will be taken into account in the annual appropriations."
According to the 2015 RAND survey, the compensation rates of the Ministry of Defense do not include personnel costs, but they do cover fuel, maintenance and contract costs.
Former White House spokesman Sean Spicer defended the use of a helicopter at the event at the time.
"The point is to show things made in America this week," Spicer said.
"And I know that Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud that they contribute to our national security and that there are expected to be hundreds, if not thousands, of people whose jobs depend on it.
And I believe that, like most Americans, we are all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans have worked tirelessly on.
So, of course, it’s right to highlight that. ”
It is not clear whether or not Trump came into contact with the helicopter while touring the south yard, but he was behind the wheel of the fire truck.
Inside the White House, Trump turned to Sikorsky's representatives, joking to the media about the company's products in his personal fleet.
"I know Sikorsky very well," the president said, "I have three of their products."
Grit Shadeiko - peace and joy came through tears
At the 2011 World Cup in Daegus, Šadeiko was hit in the last area, a leg cramp ran 800 m and the girl was taken away from the stadium by a stretcher.
Just before that, he had reached zero in a long jump at a university in China.
At the 2012 European Championships in Helsinki, he was injured in a cheap throw, but at the debut Olympics in London, he finished 23rd with 6013 points.
However, the misfortune continued.
After the opening day of the 2013 Moscow World Championships, an Estonian who was on the Estonian record schedule was injured in a long jump.
Two years later, he finished 15th at the Beijing World Championships and met the Olympic standard, but he was also more disappointed in the athlete.
Shadeiko only passed the heaviest flag last year, when he did not receive a result in the long jump at the Amsterdam European Championships.
I would just like to put together a decent multi-event at least once.
Once, "admitted Shadeiko.
The worst was yet to come: a month later, his Olympic competition in Rios was interrupted due to a thigh injury at the first hurdle.
Time had to be taken - should we continue with the heptathlon at all?
Is two days of effort still worth it?
The girl thought long, but found peace in herself.
I got to think almost clean
It is relatively difficult to describe this experience, but I have thought that last season and the Rio Olympics were something that just had to happen.
Fortunately, there was time to heal and think clean.
"I knew I wouldn't put the pill in the bag yet," Shadeiko says of his self-cleansing.
I was able to turn a clean page and move on with a new impetus.
According to coach Anne Mägi, it was very difficult to look at the suffering of the ward, but she realized that above all, the athlete must find out for herself.
He was so laid back by everyone.
It was hard to bear.
"But Grit said he wouldn't give up and he wanted to prove to himself what he was worth," says Mägi.
Now he has some peace.
He does it for his own pleasure.
The competition came back in May, when Šadeiko set a new Estonian record of 6280 points in the Götzis multi-competition.
In the high-level competition, he improved his personal top mark in the shot put by almost a meter (13.89) and ran a record-breaking hurdles.
Then the multi-competitor felt that this was by no means a cap of abilities, but only the primary competitive hunger was erased.
Mägi, who has supervised him for years, says that Šadeiko is a model student.
He is a ready athlete, he is good to train.
If something goes wrong or is wrong, he says it right away.
He knows his body and trusts his cognition.
That is what we must follow.
I cannot say exactly what must be done and we will follow it.
Shadeiko has also found a new approach.
"I'm not the one who does the maximum in training," he says, saying that the most important thing is to get the right feeling, because it also ensures a good result.
The baby happiness of loved ones makes you happy
The happiness of loved ones has also offered Shadeiko good emotions.
Both her former training partner Maris Mägi and her sister Grete recently became parents and the multi-competitor has received support from new weather citizens.
"It's been pretty interesting," says Shadeiko.
One alcohol, the drinking of which is equivalent to "training" the brain.
Livestrong writes that Dr. Gordon Sheperd is such a big fan of wine that he believes that wine can train the brain better than anything else in the world.
Sheperd is a neuroscientist at Yale University.
According to him, it is not a question of alcohol or how it affects our feelings and thoughts, but rather of a "very active" process of tasting wine.
By sniffing the glass, spinning the wine in the mouth, enjoying it and perceiving the aftertaste, we put our brains to work to create a taste for the wine.
According to Sheperd, wine molecules do not actually contain taste, but taste comes from the way wine stimulates the brain.
He compares how the brain "sees" colors.
"The taste is not in the wine, the taste creates the taste of the wine," says Sheperd.
Things that still affect the taste of wine include our age, gender and even the amount of saliva that a person produces.
Sheperd, of course, admits that wine is not about drinking.
"There has to be more in action," he says.
If you take too much sip, the system is supersaturated.
Excessive wine drinking can harm the brain instead of the benefits - according to a 2004 study, people who drink more than three glasses of wine run the risk of memory loss, imbalance and reduced mental capacity.
10% of employees in the Estonian ICT sector receive less than their colleagues
Data from the recruitment company Fontes reveal that 10% of employees in the Estonian ICT sector receive less than their colleagues.
There is a 10 percent pay gap between men and women, writes the portal Genius.
59 IT and telecommunications companies participated in the Fontes ICT sector wage survey.
A total of 8,577 posts were surveyed.
63% of the posts were held by men.
"Although only 3 companies stated that the pay gap is in favor of men and the rest of the companies think that there is no pay gap, in reality, compared to similar jobs, men's basic monthly salary is on average 10% higher than women's and men's total annual salary is 8% higher than women's," said Fontese analyst. Ilmar Põhjala.
"Narcose" Season 3 commercial: now that Pablo Escobar is gone, the Cali cartel is at the center of Netflix's hit series
Despite the unveiling of the killer of Pablo Escobar in the second season of "Narcose", the Netflix series is far from over.
The third and fourth seasons have been confirmed by the streaming service, and the first of them has already completed an advertising clip that teases the series with new villains.
In the third season, the DEA will focus on the world's richest drug organization, the Cali cartel.
They operate under the leadership of four powerful godfathers "like a Fortune 500 company," simply with more bribes to the government and more violent acts.
Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the leader of the cartel, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) is the brain, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) is headed by Mexico and Chepe Santacruz of London (Pepe Rapazote) is based in New York.
In the recently released commercial, Pedro Pascal sees Javier Penana return, a figure recruiting American and Colombian law enforcement to help with the war on drugs.
Other new actors include Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe and Arturo Castro.
The third season of "Narcose" will open on September 1.
According to the United Nations, Afghan democracy depends on the role of women in politics
The head of the UN mission in Afghanistan said on Wednesday that the elections can only represent the people if all members of society, including women, play a role in them.
Nicholas Haysom, head of the UN aid mission, said hundreds of women were running in local council elections, three women were running for vice president and more than 30 percent of newly registered voters were women.
"The importance of women cannot be overstated," she said in a statement on Wednesday.
Elections can only truly represent the people and be credible if women are fully involved and involved in all stages of the electoral process.
Afghan local council and presidential elections will take place on April 5.
The Taliban, for its part, have threatened an electoral process that coincides with a transitional period in which the role of international military operations will become advisory.
This year's elections mark the first time that power has been peacefully transferred from one democratically elected government to another.
According to Haysom, the strong role of women increases the success of democracy in Afghanistan.
According to the Afghan Independent Electoral Commission, 1.2 million of the 3.6 million registered voters are women.
The joy of sharing makes everything bigger for young and old alike.
There is always too little time together, but training with pimples provides a good opportunity to combine togetherness, play, proximity and load.
And what a convenient solution - no matter where you cruise in the summer, live dumbbells are always with you and impatiently remind you with their thin voice: "Let's train now!"
Start with a warm-up - a normal hawk game or surfing along the beach is great.
The squat is the mainstay of keeping the legs and buttocks in shape - who would want to take the shape of a sand cake washed away by the waves during the summer?
It's wonderful to use children instead of a lever!
First, it is safe and comfortable, the weight gradually increases at the same pace as the trainer's strength.
Advanced students can also do squats with very large children.
The child trains balance, reads repetitions and has fun with the opportunity to be high and important.
Older children can squat themselves at the same time.
Adjust the range of motion by touching the ground and reaching out.
Keep your fingers straight, ask the mini helper to hold them properly.
The child can read the repetitions and feel like a coach.
Plank is a very useful but hopelessly boring exercise for a child.
But it's easy to make it more fun!
Game Plank: Take a long plank column to take turns.
In fact, it's harder than usual, but a lot more fun to do if you can get your hands on a friend in the meantime.
To add to the load, you can stay on the plank, a little on your back, and walk around in this position.
An extra weight can be placed on the hips of a smaller child, but this exercise is fun for all children.
While crabs are sizzling in the sand, the triceps, buttocks and abdominal muscles are loaded like nests.
The child falls to his feet so that his body weight is evenly distributed back and forth.
You can hold your hands for safety.
Bend your legs and straighten straight up.
Põnni can fly, have fun, train balance and be heavy.
The life of a little coach is extra fun when he gets a little kiss every time he gets up.
Extending the legs in advance provides an additional load.
Make sure your back is in a neutral position.
It is much more fun for children to do the abdominal muscles in pairs and clap.
Handmade and pulsed squat.
Observe the child's safety, knee position, and keep the back in a neutral position.
Everyone's favorite and great fun!
For a parent, however, a truly effective full body workout.
The sports equipment were Ott (10), Säde (8), Õnne (4).
A trip from the Philippines to the heart of fashion fans in the heart of the wide world or straw bag
Straw-woven bags are a summer classic, which in recent years have become a hit product in their own right, which must be hung on the hand of a real summer lover, and which, despite its modest origin, merchants have been able to weld a price tag appropriate for the hit.
A straw wicker bag is probably one of those things that has existed in everyone's life and whose possession has not caused any special emotions.
It just exists, and if it doesn't, there's nothing broken.
Now, however, straw bags are making a real victory and fashion fans have exchanged their exquisite designer bags for simple straw-woven bags for the summer months.
At the same time, it is not only a beach bag, but today it is just as popular as a street bag, and even more courageous women even walk into the office with it.
Here, however, it is worth finding out first whether such a summer look for a boss still sits or whether it is worthwhile to push the notebook and laptop to a slightly more formal sum.
However, the variety has made straw bags a real summer love for women.
For example, when reading foreign fashion blogs, the first thing that catches the eye is that fashion gourmands get to the local market as a first thing on a holiday trip and buy a straw bag, which is faithful to the whole holiday, which goes with the beach, the market and hanging out with friends.
Some bloggers are so generous that they buy a bigger pile of bags from the market and sell or give them away to their loyal readers.
It is worth noting that the demand for bags is so high among readers that in the real world, women (and men!) Would probably go hand in hand to become the happy owners of some bags.
In a sense, this madness is also understandable, because it is rare for the fashion world to be able to buy something that has reached hit status for only a few tens of euros.
True, cunning merchants have also discovered an easy way to make money here, and so the finer luxury brands sell straw bags for a few hundred and a thousand euros.
Probably still, so that richer customers don't have to feel like mortals who circle around with some cheap bags.
For example, you can buy a straw bag from Dolce &amp; Gabbana that costs over a thousand euros.
However, the interpretation of Chanel's straw bag can cost around 6,000 euros.
Unlike most fashion hits, straw bags do not come from any big fashion designer, but their story began far away.
The straw bags are said to have originated far from the Philippines, from where they have spread widely.
Straw bag weaving is especially for the export business and the locals very often don't see them walking around with them.
The straw weaving technique is said to date from the 14th century and is quite similar to ordinary basket weaving.
However, since the straw bag does not have to be woven as strongly as the basket, patterns and other materials can be woven into them, which make the bag more personal and thus more attractive.
For example, bags with colored ribbons or leather strips have been particularly trendy lately.
However, straw bags can primarily send a letter of thanks to actress Jane Birkin, of whom the biggest braided straw bag fan has never been seen before.
Namely, he matched the straw bag to all kinds of clothing sets and didn't even think much of going to the Cannes Film Festival.
However, the fact that taking care of them is a cock's head does not play a minor role in the popularity of bags today, and unlike all other sumadans, they do not have to be cared for with special tools, but also with water and a wet towel.
As always in the case of trend tracks, brands that have come out with a classic look have come up with all sorts of interpretations.
For example, you can buy a straw-braided radish or a tiny shoulder bag if you wish.
At the same time, it is worth remembering that a classic straw bag never goes out of style, but a straw bag.
But what is a classic straw bag then?
For centuries, it has been considered a classic bag made of straw wicker, which resembles a basket in its style, is open at the top and has short, also straw, handles.
Five healthy ice creams that are easy to make at home
Lifehack.org outlined ways to make different types of ice cream at home that contain fewer calories than store ice creams.
Lemon and buttermilk ice cream - whisk lemon juice with sugar in a large bowl, add buttermilk and whipped cream and mix everything into an even mass, place the mixture in the refrigerator.
Chocolate and nut butter ice cream - blend Greek yoghurt, frozen bananas, cocoa powder and maple syrup to an even mass.
Then add a little peanut butter to the mixture and blend the mixture for a few seconds.
The ice cream is ready to eat right away.
Peach ice cream - mix fat-free milk, sugar substitute, egg, frozen or plain slices of peach and almond extract into a uniform mass in a bowl and place the resulting mixture in the refrigerator to solidify.
Coconut ice cream - blender coconut milk, coconut flakes, vanilla extract, maple syrup and frozen bananas and place the resulting mixture in the refrigerator.
Banana ice cream - mix frozen banana pieces with low-fat milk into a uniform mass, serve with walnuts and consume immediately.
These were my favorite homes on the real estate market in July - stylish, expensive and luxurious!
Summer is a great time to build, search and repair a home.
Which beautiful residences attracted the most visitors to the real estate portal City24.ee in July?
Houses or parts of houses in the more expensive price range were of interest.
Probably summer with cool and volatile weather makes you dream more of your cozy and warm nest.
House part, Tallinn, 285 000 € House part in a quiet Merivälja residential area.
The house has a large terrace with a roof and glass sliding, but you will find other attractive things, such as a large bathroom on the second floor.
See more here.
House, Harju County, 218,000 € A classic farmhouse-type house with an interesting history, very good energy and planning, built in the 1930s.
During the renovation, the old table floors, windows, doors, fireplace, stove and warm walls have been preserved.
Design house, Pärnu, 495 000 € A unique private house with a modern design in Pärnu.
The house has a very energy-saving private high landscaping, sea view from the second floor.
House, Harju County, 469,000 € A complex of buildings created by architect Oliver Alver in a naturally beautiful location in the village of Püünsi, Viimsi.
The buildings are mostly made of dark brick, giving the building complex a solid and peaceful look as well as ensuring the ease of maintaining the building's facade.
House, Tallinn, 550 000 € The architect of the three-storey private house located in the naturally beautiful Merivälja is Rein Karp.
The house is in very good condition and stably maintained.
Spacious and well-thought-out plan on three floors in total.
Minimalism from the eye of a needle - a home thought through to detail
A home with a golden touch in the environmentally valuable Tammelinn
The woman builds a home - instead of a function house, a wooden house was erected
A man who disappeared three days ago in Saaremaa was found
Aare left his home in the small town of Kärla on Wednesday evening in an unknown direction.
The last contact with Aare was by phone yesterday, Friday night, and the positioning of the phone gave the man's location in Lääne-Saare municipality, Mõnnuste village, where he was searched by helicopter until midnight and with the dogs until early morning.
His phone's battery was then depleted and the man's location could no longer be determined.
Police continued their searches this morning.
The police thank everyone who helped find Aare.
GMB is worried about investments in McVitie's Glasgow plant
The union is waiting for biscuit maker McVitie's managers to confirm long-term production plans for the company's Glasgow plant.
According to GMB Scotland, the company has been silent on the future of the investment in the Tollcross site.
The factory, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea cookies and other products, employs more than 500 people.
McVitie's owner Pladis said they have invested more than £ 5 million in the facility over the past few years.
Additional workers were hired there, and union leaders "are the first to hear" when something changes in the factory's operations.
In a letter to the company's site manager, GMB Scotland asked McVitie's to "address concerns that the funding would not be used to modernize production lines".
Drew Duffy, GMB 's senior organizer, said: "The fact that we do not receive clarity from Tollcross' s business needs and future investment plan from the site manager is a matter of deep concern to our members.
Several generations of families have worked here, and the workforce is largely made up of the local community and the people around Glasgow, being an essential pillar for decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.
Thus, East Glasgow is in dire need of McVitie, a company with strong productivity growth in terms of jobs, wages and well-being, and against Brexit, rising living costs and a chronic decline in production. "
A Pladis spokesman said: "The Tollcross site manager only received a letter from GMB Scotland yesterday and the company is responding directly to it as we value active communication with workers and union representatives.
Two months ago, there was a regular meeting between Tollcross employees and GMB representatives, where a number of issues were openly discussed.
We then discussed with employees that, like all other companies operating in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we are constantly reviewing our activities - and this applies to all our companies and facilities - to ensure our competitiveness.
He added: "In recent years, we have invested more than £ 5 million in the Tollcross site, most of which has gone to production lines and operational improvements.
We fully understand the legacy of Tollcross as a production site, and should there be any change in the site's operations, workers and union representatives will be the first to hear about it. "
Did the PSG warn Barcelona before approaching Neymar three years ago?
La Liga may regret its interest in Marco Verratt
Paris Saint-Germain will not give up in an effort to lure Neymar into its ranks by making a £ 189 million bid to buy it out. But did they warn Barcelona three years ago of this record-breaking conquest?
This tumultuous approach has opened a summer transition window, and the Ligue 1 club is poised to more than double the current buyout world record set last season by Paul Pogba's return to Manchester United for £ 89m.
When the transition is complete, Neymar will become the most expensive player in the world and also the highest paid professional athlete in the world, earning over £ 500,000 a week from PSG after payment.
Barcelona is, of course, angry about both the approach and the breaking of Neymar, although a source close to the Catalans board confirms that the club has always taken the best care of the footballer since his arrival in Santos in 2013.
But did the PSG president warn the football world of such an opportunity three years ago?
When Manchester City showed interest in signing Blaise Matuid in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaif sternly warned all clubs that were considering recruiting some of PSG's best players.
"I'm not worried because they know that if they touch any of our players, we will meet them and contact those players," Al-Khelaifi said.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to sign a contract with one of our players, they will have to face the consequences. "
Barcelona seems to have crossed that line, as the Spanish club showed interest in PSG midfielder Marco Verratt earlier this summer.
PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italian to leave under any circumstances and that Barcelona could be repulsed as a result of this interest by losing one of its precious assets in the form of Neymar.
Prime Minister: Ireland wants to build bridges, not borders, after Brexit.
"Brexit is seriously threatening to break a wedge between Northern Ireland and Ireland, Britain and Ireland," Varadkar warned on his first visit to Northern Ireland after taking office in June.
"I can't imagine who would benefit from it," he added.
Cross-border infrastructure projects made possible the current free movement of people and goods, said Varadkar.
"This is our vision for the future: to build bridges, not borders," he stressed.
According to Varadkar, he would prefer Britain to remain part of the European Union, and since this is not possible, to remain part of the European common market.
This would maintain the current free trade between the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom.
Another way to make Britain's departure smoother would be to create a customs union between the European Union and the United Kingdom, the Irish Prime Minister explained.
Noting that such an agreement existed with Turkey, Varadkar said: "Certainly we could have one with Britain."
An alternative to this would be to return to customs points that would declare historical division and political failure.
"A barrier to trade, prosperity and peace," the Irish prime minister said.
He called Brexit "a challenge for our generation" and warned that its outcome could affect every aspect of everyday life in Northern Ireland.
During his visit to Belfast, the Irish Prime Minister met with the leaders of the main parties in Northern Ireland.
Märt Avandi, who passed his first half-length triathlon: Everyone can pass the Ironman.
Today, the largest triathlon festival in the Baltics was held in the winter capital Otepää, when about a thousand triathletes from more than thirty countries took part in the semi-long Ironman competition.
The 70.3-mile distance consisted of 1.9 km of swimming, 90 km of cycling and 21.1 km of cycling.
Among others, Märt Avandi also successfully won the first triathlon of his life.
"I thought it would be difficult and in the end it was difficult," Avandi said at the finish.
Despite the complexity, Avandi said that in fact the triathlon is affordable for almost everyone.
"It's not the distance that kills, but the pace that kills," he said, implying that almost everyone will reach the finish line at the right pace.
Except Ott Sepp: "Everything is fine with Oti's physique, but unfortunately he can't swim".
Avandi had been training actively since February.
At the beginning 4-5 hours a week, but later already ten hours a week.
With a time of 05:34:12, he finished 270th overall.
Although Avandi lost to both Raio Piiroja (time 04:59:53) and Jürgen Ligi (time 05:06:37), he won other competitors in the so-called "prominent class".
Tanel Padar, who was a "good role model" last year, lost to Avandi in seven minutes (time 05:41:54), journalist Sten Teppan in 16 minutes (time 05:50:23), Kalev Kruus and Raivo E. Tamm in about an hour (times respectively 06 : 31: 53 and 06:45:18).
The German Johannes Moldan with a time of 3:58:27 was crowned the overall winner of the men's stand of the Otepää stage belonging to the Ironman series, the best of the Estonians was Ivo Suur with a time of 04:14:09.
Among the women, the Danish Helle Frederiksen won with a time of 04:24:01, and among the Estonians Maria Jänese, who lost to Frederiksen in almost half an hour and became 04:58:58.
Avandi covered a 1.9 km swimming distance in 42 minutes and 14 seconds.
He came out of the water in position 410.
