Munich 1856: Four maps that change your view of the city
An insane asylum where young people are supposed to meet today.
A crypt chapel where digging for the S-Bahn tunnel is now being carried out.
Allotment gardeners cultivate the former land of farmers.
The oldest official map of Munich brings exciting stories to light.
It sucks when maps are not up to date.
Everyone knows that who has ever had to get upset because the car navigation system showed a green meadow instead of a bypass.
The historical maps of the digital Bavaria atlas, an offer from the Bavarian State Government's Geoportal Bavaria, are anything but up-to-date - but for that very reason very informative.
Especially when you compare them with current online maps.
Then it becomes clear how cities and communities in the distribution area of the Munich Mercury have changed since the 19th century.
The digital Bayern Atlas is a patchwork quilt that is not immediately recognizable as such.
More detailed maps, so-called original position sheets, have been incorporated into the large overview map for cities and municipalities.
According to the Bavarian Surveying Administration, these were created between 1810 and 1864 and originate from the first survey of Bavaria.
Your client: Napoleon.
The French army leader occupied Bavaria since the spring of 1800 during the Second Coalition War with Austria.
Napoleon wanted an overview of the occupied country and commissioned a topographical survey of Bavaria - for military purposes, of course.
Even if the French troops finally withdrew with the Peace of Lunéville on February 9, 1801: It was today's neighbors who created the idea of a nationwide map of Bavaria.
Elector Max IV. Joseph pushed the project forward, founded the "Topographical Bureau" - and with it the Bavarian Surveying Administration.
The original position sheet for Munich dates from 1856 and, like all others, can be found on the website of the Bavarian State Library.
The comparison of past and present is most impressive in the example of the state capital.
The city has expanded in all directions and has grown together.
An example of this is Untersendling, which appears relatively isolated on the map from 1856.
Sendling was incorporated as a district of Munich 21 years after the map was drawn up, i.e. in 1877.
Today Untersendling is in the middle of the city.
The Untersendling houses are concentrated around 1856 along today's Plinganserstraße, which was only named after Georg Sebastian Plinganser in 1878, a leader of the uprising of Bavarian farmers against Austria in 1705.
Where the Westpark is today, you can see nothing but fields - at first glance: When you zoom in, a more detailed map appears with dozens of lines and numbers: handwritten numbered parcels from the so-called "original recording" from which the property tax was derived.
Small plots are no longer occupied by farmers today - but allotment gardeners from the "Land in Sonne" facility.
A large green area can be seen north of Untersendling.
The Theresienwiese, the location of the Oktoberfest since 1810, was actually still a meadow in the 19th century - and not a concrete desert.
On the other side of the Isar, the historical map gives an insight into the history of psychiatric medicine.
In the original position sheet you can read in the area of today's Au-Haidhausen district not only the street name "am Gasteig" or from the hill "Auf der Lüften" - but also in large letters "Irren Anstalt".
Yes, people with delusions were once locked up here on Auerfeldstrasse.
The Munich district insane asylum "Auf der Auer Lüften" was established there in 1858/59.
From 1872, Dr. Bernhard von Gudden the institution - the psychiatrist who is brought into connection with the death of King Ludwig II.
"He was progressive for his time and, for example, stopped chaining the so-called lunatics.
He has also forbidden the staff to use force against the inmates, "says Hermann Wilhelm, director of the Haidhausen Museum, who has dealt with the institution for an exhibition.
There was initially space for 280 patients, later this was expanded to 500.
At some point even this capacity was no longer sufficient - the reason for the construction of the county insane asylum in Haar in 1905.
The Isar-Amper-Klinikum München-Ost, one of the largest psychiatric hospitals in Germany, has been located there since 2006.
On the area of the former Auer Anstalt, young people now meet in the Munich Salesianum.
The order acquired the building complex in 1920 and converted it into a youth home with training companies.
To the west is the soccer field of TSV München Ost, to the east are residential buildings from the 1980s.
In 2015, the children's house "Casa Don Bosco" was built - architecturally based on the original building of the insane asylum, which was destroyed in bombing during the Second World War.
Marienplatz was listed as "Hauptplatz" around 1856, and Kaufingerstrasse was called "Kaufinger Gasse".
The Second World War also brought a decisive change in the heart of Munich.
The Allied bombs tore many holes in the city center in December 1944.
One big one has remained to this day - at Marienhof.
The English Institute, small commercial buildings and a crypt chapel from the Middle Ages once stood at Marienhof, where the preparatory work will take place these days and the groundbreaking ceremony for the second main S-Bahn line on April 5, 2017.
You can use the slider to compare the old Munich map with today's aerial photo - and fill in the hole at Marienhof.
Civil rights group issues Missouri travel warning
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has issued a warning to people of color traveling to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
The NAACP Travel Advisory for the state of Missouri, due to be in effect by August 28, 2017, encourages African-American travelers, visitors, and Missourians to pay special attention and exercise extreme caution when traveling around the state A number of questionable, race-based incidents have occurred across the state recently and are being noted here, "the group said in a statement.
A recently passed Missouri bill making it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as state law enforcement agencies disproportionately targeting minorities, prompted the group to issue the travel warning, the NAACP said.
"You have civil rights violations that happen to people.
They are stopped for their skin color, beaten up or killed, "said the Missouri NAACP president Rod Chapel, the Kansas City star.
"We hear complaints at such frequency that we haven't heard before."
It is the first such warning the organization has issued for a state in the United States.
The group cited incidents such as racist crimes against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.
Sanders died in questionable circumstances earlier this year after running out of gas while touring the state and being taken into custody by Missouri Police without being charged with a crime.
The council also points to a recent report from the Missouri Attorney General's office showing that black drivers are 75 percent more likely than whites to stop in the state.
"The recommendation is that people be aware and educate their families, friends and co-workers about what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
"People have to be ready, whether it's bringing bail or letting relatives know that they are traveling across the state."
Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, placing the state 16th in the country for the number of such violations.
The travel warning is also in response to a new Missouri law that would make it harder to sue a company for housing or employment discrimination.
Previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) issued travel warnings for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration laws requiring local law enforcement to arrest people for immigration violations, which the ACLU believes will help further racial profiling.
Travel advisories are typically issued by the State Department to other countries, but recently, interest groups have been using the measure in response to certain laws and trends within the United States.
Electric fence project is elementary
The Fischerbacher pasture fence project is a successful project and will be continued in the coming year.
The CDU members of the Bundestag Peter Weiß and Kordula Kovac got a picture on site.
At the Schwendemann family's Rechtgrabenhof, representatives of the Fischerbach CDU local association met with Mayor Thomas Schneider and the two members of parliament.
Markus Schwendemann initially provided insights into his business, where he cultivates 55 hectares of meadows and 40 hectares of forest, looks after 40 dairy cows and just as many young animals, and accommodates holiday guests in five apartments.
According to Schwendemann, "Black Forest milk" is the no alternative to marketing the milk from his cows.
Only regional products are served on the holiday guests' table.
Since he is also BLHV chairman of Fischerbach, he described the pasture fence project as "of fundamental importance".
I cannot operate profitably on such steep areas.
The grassland creates a lot of work, a lot has to be worked on with a brushcutter.
"We are struggling with the conditions and the topography here," emphasized Schwendemann.
In 2003, he took over his parents' business and managed it without chemical pesticides and fertilizers, even if he did not run an organic farm.
For Mayor Thomas Schneider it was clear: "The municipality has recognized the importance of the pasture fence project and is happy about the Leader funding".
At costs of 3000 to 4000 euros per hectare, the farmers would have to be supported.
It is hoped that the afforestation of the areas could be dragged out for a while.
"The greatest treasure we have are the people who work in agriculture and who are concerned about how they can further their business," emphasized the mayor.
The farmers are often criticized for the subsidy
In 2013, a total of 25 parcels were fenced in by eleven participants using the electric fence subsidy.
The open area is 40 hectares, which may not be afforested until at least 2023.
Half of the total costs of 71,500 euros were funded by Leader, and a quarter was borne by the Fischerbach community.
This left the farmers with 12,610 euros, which they had to invest in 16.2 kilometers of pasture fence.
"The big advantage is the durability of the fences," explained Schwendemann.
Kordula Kovac emphasized: "You are doing a really good job, it does not work without farmers and rural women".
For Peter Weiß it was also clear: "The best food is produced here".
The Landscape Conservation Directive (LPR) Baden-Württemberg enables state funding for pasture fences.
The aim is to keep the Black Forest open.
The prerequisite is the existence of a funding framework designated by the LPR.
In addition, the area to be fenced off must not be manageable with a tractor (slope inclination over 35 percent) and must therefore be threatened by afforestation.
For the 2018 Fischerbach pasture fence project, eight participants with 24 plots who want to build almost 16 kilometers of fence are currently applying.
The open area corresponds to 35 hectares, the calculated costs are more than 112,000 euros.
Is nothing sacred anymore?
Now Trump's White House is taking on the Statue of Liberty
The surest sign of regime change is when they start attacking the statues.
Americans value this as much as any other - hence the carefully staged fall of Saddam Hussein on Firdos Square in Baghdad in 2003.
Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, surely knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic ax to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to drastically restrict legal immigration.
To be fair, Miller didn't attack the statue itself.
A horde of boat owners and Liberty impersonators would have lynched him if he had.
But he attacked its importance, and in particular the importance assigned to it when the famous poem by Emma Lazarus was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument was completed.
As Miller berated Acosta, "I don't want to go into an entire thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American freedom that illuminates the world.
The poem you are referring to that was added later and is not part of the original Statue of Liberty. "
Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, it's not really about history.
It is about the contemporary response to the startling words of Lazarus, the only ones to which a state not only invites any old immigrants, but the poorest of the poor: "Your tired, your poor, / your oppressed masses who long for it, to breathe freely, / the miserable waste of your rich coasts. "
There has never been a time when the "wretched garbage" was better seen on our screens.
Miller did not engage in literary criticism - he made it clear that these people are not welcome in Trump's United States.
This conflict over the meaning of a statue is part of a broader political and cultural dispute: it is, in fact, a conflict over the meaning of America.
Lazarus - and her friends, who worked to put their words on the grassroots after their deaths - knew very well that they were performing a highly political act.
The sculpture was intended to show the links between French and American Republicanism by portraying the feminine embodiment of freedom in a worn classic pictorial representation.
Lazarus changed this meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has received a voice.
And she gives herself a completely different name: mother of the exiles.
The poem's connection with the picture is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.
And just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, the people of the right wing had long wanted to change this back.
The great screamer Rush Limbaugh, a kind of John the Baptist for the coming of Trump, argued in 2010 that the Statue of Liberty is not inviting anyone, but rather an early neoconservative bringing the American flame into the night world: "Lady Liberty goes ahead.
She is meant to carry the torch of freedom from the United States to the rest of the world.
The torch is not intended to light the way to the United States. "
Quite unusual, Limbaugh has come across something here.
The meaning of the statue is entirely a question of the point of view of perception.
The great imaginative act of Lazarus was to see her as it was seen on the decks of ships by the exhausted, wretched, but hopeful people after long and often terrible journeys.
It is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people seeking refuge and a chance to improve their lives.
Your statue speaks to them the words of hope and welcome they need to hear.
And of course, that's not the perspective Miller and Trump would ever want to acknowledge.
Their torch is not intended to light the way, but to kindle the hatred that is their only source of power.
2017 World Cup: Neil Black praises Scottish members of the UK team
Eilidh Doyle recalls a time when there were only two Scots on the UK team
UK Athletics Performance Director Neil Black says the 16-strong Scottish contingent on the World Championship roster will "make a massive contribution to the team".
A record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.
Black believes that "something special is happening in Scotland" and that UK athletics must learn from it.
"We salute it, and we try to understand, and we'll take it until we find out," said Black.
"I speak to people at the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it has something to do with what they did.
Scottish athletes think it has something to do with what they did.
British Athletics: it has something to do with what they did.
And also with the guy on the street corner.
Whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant. "
Several of the Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will face Sir Mo Farah on the 5,000m, while Eilidh Doyle has been voted team captain by the team.
"Eilidh is pretty humble.
Your captain's speech was incredible, "says Black.
"A number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they live or train, left the room feeling very proud and very motivated.
The passion and real feeling that Eilidh naturally brought in was great. "
The Commonwealth silver medalist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles in her fifth world championship, says it is "incredible" that there are 16 Scots on the British team.
Scotland's best total number of athletes at the World Cup so far was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.
Middle-distance runner Muir leads on this path and set five British and two European records last year.
She will take part in the 1,500 m and 5,000 m runs.
Chris O'Hare, who runs 1,500m, is another Scot to watch after a great season that included winning the British Team Trials and Anniversary Games.
Doyle remembers her first world championships when the only other Scot on the team was Lee McConnell.
The team captain says she is "immensely proud" of the fact that many of her compatriots are not only part of the team, but in some cases will also be involved in the medals and finals.
"The special thing about being team captain is that she was chosen by the other members of the team, so it was a great honor anyway, but knowing that my teammates voted for me and voted for me makes me." it became very special to me, "she added.
"Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scots that are on the team.
It just shows how far we've come.
And they are here as established athletes, athletes who want to get on podiums.
As for my speech as captain?
Yeah I think she went fine.
I just pointed out that we are very happy in this situation as we have a home World Cup.
So it is really important to rely on this home support and benefit from the fact that we are back at the Olympic Stadium.
I'm getting a second chance to go out there and compete and it will just be such a great atmosphere out there. "
Blocking critics on Facebook: Don't run for public office if you can't stand the heating of voters
The father of our country knew something about bad press.
Americans loved George Washington, but it wasn't long before the newspapers beat him for everything from domestic affairs to his political principles.
He scolded the criticism, sure.
But he didn't silence his critics.
Because in 1783 Washington said: "Freedom of speech can be taken away - and, stupid and dumb, we are led to slaughter like sheep."
That brings me to Maryland to see Governor Larry Hogan who has to work on being more like Washington.
Hogan's employees have blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who expressed their opinions on its official Facebook page.
And the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for it earlier this week.
The governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous and the online comment was full of backlash with "So what?" .
"It's just Facebook," a lot of people said.
But it's important.
And it's especially important when it's a guy like Hogan.
This is a republican governor in an overwhelmingly democratic state who is amazingly popular.
It has the second highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.
Hogan's not a reactionary hothead.
He has shown a firm hand in running his state and strict adherence to the principles.
He was also very adept at using Facebook as the primary means to connect with his constituents and playfully debut his post-chemotherapy hairless head on his side.
Hence, blocking people from coming to the governor's side - which is a public forum known as official, and employees who are paid in public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan's spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking the comments was nothing more than moderation.
But it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful people brandishing the whip online.
The Post spoke to some of the real people who were blocked by Hogan.
And these are just real people speaking to their elected leaders: a teacher, an entrepreneur, and a pastor, not trolls.
They all said their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.
The pastor quoted the Bible in his post and appealed to Hogan's Catholic faith.
Bowie Lawyer Lakshmi Sarma Ramani, Md., Was not hateful, but asked about hate crimes.
"I politely commented that I was disappointed that there was no response to hate crimes and other breaking news," she wrote in the comment section on The Post.
"I also do not appreciate this idea, if a number of people take a position on the same issue, then they are rather disregarded by some as a so-called collective effort and not recognized as a large group of affected citizens".
What the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack" others would likely call "advocacy".
The Facebook era made it easy to crop a message by simply blocking a reviewer or deleting a negative comment.
It is much cleaner than it was before if the same had been done that staff were posted to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials, or to arrest and silence protesters.
But that's exactly what is happening digitally right now.
Hogan isn't the first public official to be criticized for verbally abusing Facebook and other social media.
President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who have been blocked from his Twitter feed.
One of the first milestones on this issue came last week in Virginia.
The chairman of the Loudoun County's Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to Alexandria District Judge James C. Cacheris, when she banned a voter from her Facebook page.
And in Kentucky, Governor Matt Bevin (R) also received a visit from the ACLU for his use of Facebook and Twitter.
It shouldn't be that difficult.
In Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had an impact similar to that of the Internet.
The number of newspapers multiplied between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter-writers pounded his leadership.
And even then, Washington had anonymous trolls.
The people who used pseudonyms like "Juricola", "Valerius", "Belisarius" and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers crushing Washington’s decisions.
Petitions criticizing his position on the Amity Treaty, trade and shipping with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to historical documents collected from the George Washington Project's online papers.
But he didn't silence her.
Freedom of speech, disagreement, and discourse are fundamental to our nation.
And true leadership means accepting that.
Ronan Rafferty hopes for home comfort in the Renaissance Club
Former # 1 European Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comfort for the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.
The Northern Irishman, who led to the finals next door at Archerfield Links last year before losing to Paul Eales, is linked to the new venue and acts as tournament ambassador on behalf of club founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.
"I've seen the Renaissance Club built and we're seeing it achieve its fame with that event," Rafferty said.
"Players will see this course at its best, it is in great shape.
Jerry did a great job setting this place up.
He is an avid supporter of this game and is proud of his accomplishments here.
This is a great showcase for this course. "
Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time, despite having won both the European Tour and the European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
"It feels really special," said the Southport-based player.
"I was unable to defend the Extremadura Open because it was withdrawn from the program the year after I won it.
Coming back to this part of the world is magical.
It's a wonderful place to play golf.
The memories from last year come back and it was special for me and my wife Sharon to win here last year.
It was a really special time and one that we will always cherish. "
Gary Orr, who joined the European Senior Tour earlier this year after his 50th birthday, is returning to the action on home soil.
This event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
"It always means a little more when you play at home," said Orr, the man from Helensburgh.
"You want to do well, but you also feel that extra pressure.
I really enjoyed playing again and played some solid golf.
I'm glad how it went so far. "
With the trio on the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior Major Champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.
Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among the six Scots on the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
Entry is free and parking is £ 5 per car with one occupant and £ 10 per car with two or more occupants.
All proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.
Fewer lung cancer deaths from passive smoking
In the past two decades, fewer and fewer people have died of lung cancer from secondhand smoke.
Scientists at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) have come to this conclusion in a study.
"According to our estimates, 167 lung cancer deaths per year can be attributed to passive smoking," said study leader Heiko Becher.
As a comparison, he used his own study on this subject from 1994.
At that time there were 400 deaths from lung cancer due to passive smoking per year in Germany.
The new study is published in the "International Journal of Public Health".
House connections turn out to be very complex
The construction work on Villinger Strasse is in full swing and "is reasonably on schedule", according to the manager of the building yard, Fred Heinze.
In the area of the house connections, the situation is more complicated than expected, as much is hidden underground that is not noted in the plans.
The traffic, which repeatedly hinders the construction work, poses a major problem for the Stumpp construction team.
"The ignorance of drivers in front of red lights and barriers is enormous," reports Heinze.
The road is closed and only the buses are allowed to pass through.
Angelo Caruso, Marvin Kostorz and Tim Kostorz from Stumpp have been working on the bridge for weeks.
"The hot days were pretty exhausting.
Fortunately, our friend Fritz Matt provided us with cool mineral water, "says Marvin Kostorz.
Poverty and death in the Indonesian gold country
When Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she doesn't use a stove.
In fact, she rarely uses a pot.
In her wooden house in Enarotali, the capital of the Paniai reign in the troubled Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually puts a sweet potato - locally referred to as "nota" - directly into the fireplace.
After half an hour, the charred tuber is removed with eager, unwashed hands and swallowed.
Degei sits on the clay floor - she has no furniture - where she does her daily work, e.g. B. Washing clothes with cloudy water from the nearby swamp.
A bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.
As the youngest of her husband's four wives, no fields were assigned to her.
Polygamy is common here.
Of course, working late can be dangerous: most of the village men are unemployed, many drink heavily, and there are soldiers here.
"Nobody dares to walk around the village after 5pm," she says.
It's a rare glimpse into daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was admitted after a controversial referendum in Indonesia in 1969 when only 1,026 elders were supposed to vote through a public hand-held survey before the occupation forces.
An existing movement advocating independence against Dutch rule quickly turned against the Jakarta government, which maintains control of the region and excludes foreign journalists or lawyers from it.
In 2003, the province was officially divided into Papua and West Papua, with the independent part of Papua New Guinea comprising the eastern part of the island.
Enarotali is as remote as it is barren. The trip includes a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire and then a morning 5-hour drive by rental car.
There is no public transport.
The city of around 19,000 inhabitants consists of wooden houses surrounded by bamboo fences and corrugated iron roofs that have been rusted into various yellow-brown tones.
Very few Indonesians made their trip here, let alone journalists and practically no foreigners.
Before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshiped a god named Uga Tamee.
There were other changes too.
"We weren't used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, indicating her vibrant, hand-woven turban, dark shirt, and light skirt.
"We used to only have leaves on our bodies."
Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of the people live below the poverty line and have some of the worst child mortality and literacy rates in Asia.
But it is also Indonesia's gold country.
The largest and most profitable gold mine in the world, Grasberg, owned by Freeport McMoran of Phoenix, is just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province the size of New Jersey with 153,000 residents.
In 2015 alone, Freeport mined gold and copper worth $ 3.1 billion.
In addition, Papua has an estimated $ 78 billion worth of timber resources.
However, these riches are a source of misery for the Papuans who ensure Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.
A 2005 investigation in the New York Times reported that Freeport paid local service members and units nearly $ 20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $ 150,000 to a single officer.
Papuan demands for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose and are treated mercilessly.
According to activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed and thousands have been raped, tortured and detained by the Indonesian military since 1969.
Mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands in the 1970s became genocide according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.
In the region alone, Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful demonstrators last year.
"We Will Lose Everything," said a 2016 report from the Archdiocese of Brisbane, which included reports of atrocities from the previous year, such as unlawful executions and torture - rape and electric shock are particularly popular, according to another report - and the brutal Suppression of peaceful demonstrations.
"It's difficult to count the number of victims because incidents happen every week," said Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.
The screws have tightened as Papua's resources bring in an influx of settlers from other parts of Indonesia.
The province's 3.5 million population is 83% Christian, but demographics are changing as Muslim economic migrants come from the densely populated islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
Javanese Warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado-gado, a mixed vegetable served with peanut sauce.
Local people are fighting to keep up here.
"Migrants have started to sell chickens and vegetables cheaper than local Papuans in the traditional market," said Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai local who moved to the provincial capital Jayapura to work.
"It cost the native Papuans - the mama-mama [women] of Papua - their market."
Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, promised to tackle inequalities and rights violations in Papua during his 2014 election campaign.
The former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the Presidential Palace in Jakarta.
But little has changed in Papua and today the locals feel cheated.
"Our hearts are broken because we voted for Jokowi in 2014 with the expectation that he will fulfill our hopes that justice will be restored," You said.
In fact, Paniai hit rock bottom just two months after Jokowi's inauguration in October.
On December 7, 2014, a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a campfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers broke through the darkness on a motorcycle.
The scared children told them to turn on their headlights.
One of the soldiers took offense at her tone and later came back with four soldiers, according to local pastor Yavedt Tebai.
The soldiers who had been drinking hunted and beat the group with their rifle butts, saying victims and witnesses.
Then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.
One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly that he fell into a coma.
A few hours later, the nearby government commission building was set on fire and things escalated the next day.
About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a soccer field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.
They wore ceremonial hunting bows and performed the Waita dance - walking in a circle and imitating birdsong - by Papua's Mee Pago tribe.
Some protesters began to throw stones at police and military posts.
When the mood heated up, an order was sent to the soldiers via internal radio: "If the masses resist more than three times, they will shoot them to death," says an official TIME document that was not released to the local media.
Yeremias Kayame, 56, the head of the Kego Koto neighborhood of Enarotali, saw the imminent danger and called for calm and urged the crowd to return home.
Nobody was in the mood to listen.
"When I turned around, I was suddenly shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.
Kayame still doesn't know who fired, but says the bullet came from among the soldiers gathered here.
"It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.
Local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, including his cousin who witnessed the shootings.
"I ran over to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," said Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only has one name, told TIME in a gloomy mood.
"I saw that he was dead ... I kissed him."
Papuan Police Chief Inspector Yotje Mende told reporters that his officers only wanted to "secure" their station because it was being attacked.
"We have to defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," said Papuan police spokesman, Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo, in 2015.
"It's about life and death."
Five young protesters were killed and many more injured, according to Human Rights Watch.
The news of the killings did not reach Jakarta until the following day 'filtered'.
For three weeks Jokowi gave a passionate speech in Jayapura in which he expressed sympathy for the families of the victims and vowed to address the historical grievances in Papua.
"I want this case to be resolved immediately so it won't happen again in the future," he said.
Security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up an extrajudicial mechanism to resolve historical human rights violations.
But the excuses started almost immediately.
"Most injuries occurred a long time ago.
Some were in their 1990s and early 2000s.
The point is that we are committed to addressing these violations, but there are processes that need to be followed, "he said.
Then Wiranto withdrew when speaking to TIME in Jakarta on June 5, saying he had no plans to set up a complaint mechanism in Papua.
Instead, "everything is regulated by law," he said.
Wiranto, indicted by the UN on "crimes against humanity" that killed more than 1,000 people in East Timor's bloody independence vote in 1999, said 11 human rights violations in Papua have been settled, including the Paniai incident.
Paniai victims' families received such claims with grim disbelief.
"I've been interviewed four times in the past three years, but there has been no progress," says Yohanes.
"I am tired."
He says that years later he still lives in fear.
"I'm scared," he says.
"I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, I'm afraid of being shot."
His brother Yacobus reiterated the view that the people of Paniai are afraid to discuss the incident.
He says he was beaten by the military after helping bury four of the victims.
"After I buried the bodies, the military looked for me," he says.
The shootings haven't stopped.
On Tuesday, the Indonesian police shot at villagers in Paniai's Deiyai neighborhood.
One person died and 17 others were injured, including children, during a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to hospitalize an unconscious man.
The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw, who drowned while fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to the hospital.
Excited villagers protested outside the company's on-site office.
Police said the villagers threw stones at officers who responded by firing warning shots.
But locals say the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) started shooting at the crowd and killed one.
"We were so panicked, we are afraid that there will be revenge," says the 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed how the injured were brought here quickly, according to TIME.
"I hid in my house for two days."
The Deiyai Parliament has called for the officers involved to be held accountable and for the police mobile brigade to be withdrawn from the area.
Paniai has always been a trouble spot for the Indonesian government.
The lack of meaningful development increases the discontent of the tribesmen Mee, Moni, Dani and Damal who live in the green highlands of Papua.
Many joined the Free Papuan Movement (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend Papuan rights by launching sporadic attacks and kidnapping of Indonesian soldiers.
Some of the top OPM leaders are from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
In response, thousands of people in Paniai have been arrested and arbitrarily detained under the pretext of "securing national sovereignty" in recent years.
Some never show up again.
Paniai is known as "a tragic forgotten place" among the people of Papua.
Poverty increases dissatisfaction.
The little rice that is sold in Enarotali is too expensive for the locals.
Bread is also out of reach.
The people here grow everything they eat: especially nota and fruit and leafy vegetables.
Agriculture is the job of the women, who can work four or five fields of sweet potato at a time.
They keep most of the harvest for the family while the rest is sold in the local market.
Ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupees (75 cents).
Over time, economic inequalities have grown between native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of new air routes to Nabire Airport.
The few jobs that exist in the region tend to go to the better educated and wealthier migrants.
Papuans rarely have the capital or skills to run their own businesses competitively.
"The young people are not interested in staying in the village ... because there are no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, chairman of the Paniai tribal council.
Isolation keeps the eyes of the world away from Papua.
In addition, restrictions on international media coverage remain tense.
Earlier this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for lack of coordination with related institutions, even though they were given the rare permission to film.
Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch, said Jokowi's campaign promises to lift restrictions on reporting in order to promote transparency and development have not come true.
"There are new dangers for foreign journalists trying to cover Indonesia's troubled easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.
Lack of press control means that international pressure on the Indonesian government remains largely confined to Papua's immediate neighbors.
In March, six Pacific states - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands and the Solomon Islands - called on the UN Human Rights Council to investigate the "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shooting.
The same countries have historically supported the OPM.
Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir denied the group's allegations, telling journalists in Jakarta: "Indonesia still has a democratic system and free media, so it is difficult to cover up the evidence of human rights cases."
Local people want more foreign governments to take notice.
When an official delegation from the Netherlands, led by Human Rights Ambassador Kees Van Baar, visited Jayapura on May 4th, locals broke their silence and urged "We want freedom," according to a source who also attended the meeting, but want to remain anonymous.
Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but the Papuans say they are unlikely to vote for Jokowi again.
"Jokowi is a person of good intentions, but he's surrounded by the people involved in the Paniai shots," said Gobai, chairman of the tribal council.
He wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, besides living under the constant threat of a predatory military, find themselves in poor educational and health services.
Gobai says the Paniai people, like other Papuans, view their vote for Jokowi as a "debt" that he must repay.
"They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.
Despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai gunshot victims performed one final symbolic act of defiance: the body of a victim was buried in an area just opposite the police and the military station.
They know they may never get justice, but at least they don't let those responsible forget their crimes.
"A member of our family was killed," says Yacobus with his head bowed.
"What else can we do?"
Fire captured the 'Torch' skyscraper in Dubai for the second time
A fire found its way through on Friday in one of the tallest residential towers in the world in Dubai, forcing hundreds of residents to flee the 337-meter-high, 79-story building.
It is the second fire to sweep through the skyscraper in just two years, which happens to be called the Torch Tower.
The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported, and no direct word was given as to the cause of the flame.
"We slept and we got up to the fire alarm and people screaming.
We ran down the stairs and it took about 10 minutes to get down from the 50th floor, "one resident who gave his name as George told Reuters.
Dubai's civil defense authorities said the fire fighting units put out the fire and cooled the building around 4:00 a.m. local time (12:00 a.m. GMT).
The government said it was working on providing shelter for those affected.
The incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used in the exteriors of high-rise buildings around the world.
An investigation by the management of the Torch building after its fire in 2015 found that most of the damage came from the cladding, the exterior cladding, to decoration or insulation.
In the UK, police said they believe the insulation and cladding system on London's Grenfell Tower may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire in June that killed around 80 people.
No Davis Cup reform: still best-of-five
The President of the International Tennis Federation (ITF) failed with his big Davis Cup coup at the General Assembly.
At the meeting in Ho Chi Minh City, the proposal, which was revolutionary for this sport, to only play Davis Cup singles for two sets of wins, was not supported by the required two-thirds majority.
The five-movement classics, which are often very long, but also very much appreciated for that reason, will remain in the traditional competition.
63.54 percent of the member countries voted in favor of the reform, so the goal of ITF President David Haggerty was narrowly missed.
"We respect this decision, but we are disappointed that our member nations have not adopted the entire reform package for the Davis Cup and Fed Cup.
We need a change to ensure the long-term future of these iconic and historic competitions, "Haggerty said.
They will continue to work to improve the competitions.
After many objections, the proposal to hold the final in a neutral location was not even put to the vote.
Only comparatively minor details are new from 2018: the finalists in the Davis Cup and Fed Cup will in future have the right to host the first round of the following year.
In order to reduce the costs for the organizers, the requirements for training grounds etc. will be eased and the players will have to attend fewer official media appointments before the Davis Cup.
More than 1 in 5 US travelers bring prohibited items on planes, according to a survey
A survey of air passengers found that more than 20 percent consciously or unconsciously smuggled prohibited items past U.S. Transportation Security Administration checkpoints, including at least 6 percent who boarded the aircraft while accidentally carrying prohibited knives or other items with blades.
Less than 1 percent said they were late in discovering that they had mistakenly traveled with firearms, ammunition or explosives.
The survey of 1,000+ people - conducted by a jet charter service called Stratos Jet Charters Inc. - also found that younger travelers were more likely to disobey the rules.
Of those surveyed who admitted that they knowingly tried to fly something the TSA banned, 19.7 percent were millennials, compared with less than 15 percent who were Gen X members.
The most common items that were intentionally smuggled past TSA agents were food and liquids.
More than 3 percent admitted knowingly carrying objects with blades through security, while 2.2 percent of female respondents and 3.7 percent of male respondents also confirmed that they deliberately put prohibited drugs on the plane.
The company said it surveyed travelers across the country to find out how many accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many did it on purpose.
It's no surprise that the people most likely - knowingly or unknowingly - to carry contraband through security were the ones who most often fly.
However, the company advises that the TSA guidelines are a bit complicated and confusing.
People are often unsure which liquids they can take with them or how much of them.
So it's no surprise that the largest amount of items seized by the TSA are Prohibited Liquids.
For a while, people thought the TSA might treat books as contraband.
Liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international flights.
Elon Musk doesn't care: tens of thousands of Tesla customers cancel orders
Electric jack-of-all-trades Elon Musk likes to show off the huge number of pre-orders for his new Tesla "Model 3".
So far, he has suppressed the fact that some of the customers have already withdrawn their non-binding reservations.
In addition to the always triumphant figures for sales increases and even more gigantic sales targets, Tesla boss Elon Musk revealed another, less glamorous number for the first time when the latest quarterly balance sheet was announced: the cancellations of the new mass market model 3.
In the past few months, Musk had often advertised the new car, which was just starting to be delivered, with more than 500,000 pre-orders.
Now Musk admits: Of the total of 518,000 pre-orders, 63,000 have already been withdrawn.
Critics had repeatedly pointed out that these were only non-binding reservations.
In the event of a cancellation, Tesla pays the € 1,000 (US $ 1,000 in the US and £ 1,000 in Great Britain) "reservation deposit" back in full.
There are currently 455,000 such non-binding reservations, Musk admitted in a conference call with analysts.
However, the Tesla boss does not believe that the cancellation of around twelve percent of all orders so far could become a problem.
His argument: The challenge with the ambitious growth targets does not lie in demand, but on the production side.
Tesla delivered 84,000 vehicles last year.
In 2018 - all models taken together - it should be 500,000, in 2020 one million.
The demand for it is obviously there.
According to Musk, there are currently 1,800 reservations per day.
Anyone who orders a "Model 3" today can expect delivery in the second half of 2018 at the earliest - if Tesla manages to run its brand-new, never-before-tested production lines at maximum capacity without major interruptions.
Many experts doubt that this is possible.
If there are major delays, however, the non-binding nature of the reservations could become a problem for Tesla.
Because then the company cannot prevent dissatisfied customers from running away in droves.
EPA boss Pruitt is pulling out over postponing the Obama era rules to reduce emissions
A day after he was sued by 15 states, Scott Pruitt, chief of the environmental protection agency, reversed his previous decision to delay implementation of Obama-era rules to reduce emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.
Pruitt presented the change when his agency proved to be more responsive to the needs of state environmental agencies than previous administrations.
He made no mention of the lawsuit brought against his previous position on a federal appeals court.
It is about a deadline that expired October 1 for states to meet the 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.
Pruitt announced in June that he would delay compliance for a year to give his agency more time to study the plan and to avoid "meddling in local decisions or hindering economic growth."
Pruitt, who was Oklahoma’s attorney before President Donald Trump's appointment, has long been a staunch opponent of stricter environmental regulations.
Since arriving in Washington, Pruitt has made repeated attempts to block or delay regulations opposed by the chemical and fossil fuel industries.
Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback to Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.
Last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled that the EPA administrator had exceeded his authority in trying to delay the implementation of an Obama administration rule that required oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.
In a statement released Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested that his U-turn on ozone standards would simply increase EPA's willingness to work with states through the complex process of timely compliance with the new standards.
"Under previous administrations, the EPA has often missed the deadlines for implementation and then waited to be charged by activist groups and others and reached an agreement to set the deadline for implementation," said Pruitt, who has more than a dozen of the EPAs Time sued in his previous job.
"We don't believe in legal process regulation and we take deadlines seriously.
We also take seriously the law and the authority it gives us. "
Nonetheless, the EPA's opinion said that at some point Pruitt will use its "delays and any other legal powers available" to ensure that regulations are "based on sound policy and the best information available".
Republicans in Congress are pushing for a more comprehensive revision of the ozone rules.
A bill approved last month aims to delay implementation of the 2015 rules by at least eight years.
The measure has not yet been put to a vote in the Senate.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states suing the EPA this week, said the group intends to keep up legal pressure.
"The EPA's turnaround - according to our lawsuits - is an important win to the health and safety of these 6.7 million New Yorkers and the over 115 million Americans who are directly affected by the smog that floods their communities," said Tailor man.
New York in this case joined California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington and the District of Columbia.
Ground ozone is created when pollutants from cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources in the atmosphere react to sunlight.
The resulting smog can cause serious breathing problems in sensitive groups of people and contribute to thousands of premature deaths each year.
Public health officials and environmentalists cheered Pruitt's surprising change of course.
"It's worrying how much pressure it takes to get this reasonable step from those responsible for protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological Diversity.
"We must continue to fight against the ideological crusade of the Trump administration to ingratiate itself with polluters and their special interests."
Tumlingen celebrates 750 years of St. Hilary's Church
750 years of St. Hilarius Church: On the occasion of the anniversary of the Bergkirche, an invitation to a serenade will be held in the old cemetery area in Tumlingen on Sunday, July 16 at 4.30 p.m.
Whether its idyllic location and beautiful view of the village, the historic St. Hilarius facility is a popular place to linger.
The visitors of the sixth benefit serenade can be enchanted by this powerful place.
The friends and supporters of Tumlingen have made the rescue and maintenance of the oldest building in town their concern.
Walter Martini emphasizes: "It is a unique village gem".
In 1267 the St. Hilarius chapel was first mentioned in the Württemberg document book: Count Hermann von Sulz sold "the mountain with the parish church in Tumlingen including the bailiwick" to Magister Eberhard von Horb and to his brother Dietrich for 20 silver marks.
According to the wording of the document, in addition to the former parish church, there was also a manorial court on Tumlinger Berg, to which the church or the right of patronage belonged and not the other way around.
So people lived there too.
As can be seen from the description of the Upper Office Freudenstadt from 1858, the "mountain" was the third, the manorial core of the village, next to the lower and upper villages, which can still be seen today in the townscape of Tumlingen.
Old maps from around 1600 underpin these historical facts.
The patronage law arose from the early medieval church law.
A gentleman who built a church, furnished it and occupied it with a pastor, remained the owner of this church and was also able to inherit this own church.
Associated with this was the right to appoint a pastor or to propose a new pastor to the bishop.
There were three altars in the church and two bells on the tower.
The larger of the two burst on Christmas 1673.
The newly acquired bell rang for the first time in 1692, but later had to be handed in during the Second World War in 1942.
In the 30 Years War (1616 to 1648) the window panes were smashed and the bell ropes stolen.
The roof was leaking.
In 1796 French troops camped near the church.
They broke out the pulpit and pews and used them as firewood.
Remains of the church threatened to collapse in 1809.
Until 1869, the Hilarius cemetery in Tumling also served as the final resting place for the dead from Hörschweiler.
In 1823 the cemetery was expanded and the Hilary Church torn down.
Only the church tower was left standing.
On New Year's Eve of 1834 a storm split the church tower and half of it collapsed.
To prevent a disaster, the tower was demolished.
Only the dwarf tower that still exists today has been preserved as a witness to 750 years of church history.
Today Horst Kallenberger and Rolf-Dieter Wasem from the "Schaffigen Pensionnern" take care of the Hilarius facility as the successor to Dieter Dockhorn.
As organizers, the friends and supporters of Tumlingen invite you to the sixth serenade in the old cemetery of St. Hilary's Chapel on Sunday, July 16.
This is designed by the combo of the Kepler-Gymnasium Freudenstadt and with contributions from Kurt Kübler and Reinhold Matteis.
Mayor Hartmut Romann speaks the closing words.
The program starts at 4.30 p.m.
Admission is from 3:30 p.m.
At the end of the serenade there will be a drink in front of the cemetery.
"Enjoy a summer evening under the shade of old trees and with the wide view over meadows to the forest", the organizers emphasize the fantastic view.
The serenade only takes place in dry weather.
The organizers hope for many supporters to preserve the historic St. Hilarius facility, which is important for Tumlingen and Hörschweiler.
The friends and supporters of Tumlingen feel particularly committed to maintaining their homeland, as Serenade organizer Walter Martini affirmed.
Association wants to have the approval of wind turbines checked
"Boisheim defends itself" sees no legal requirement for the construction and has therefore turned to the district administrator.
The association "Boisheim defends itself" has asked District Administrator Andreas Coenen (CDU) to withdraw his approval for the construction of planned wind turbines in the Boisheimer Nette.
It was illegal.
The association argues that at the time of approval on December 30, 2016, no wind turbines could have been approved in Boisheimer Nette, since at that time in Viersen there was only a wind power concentration zone on the city limits of Schwalmtal.
Within this concentration zone, the construction and operation of wind turbines are basically possible, but at the same time the concentration zone excludes the use of wind energy for the rest of the city.
Zones of this kind are intended to prevent the landscape from becoming "asparagus".
A few days earlier, the city of Viersen had decided to change the zoning plan for a second wind power concentration zone in the Boisheimer Nette - but the district government of Düsseldorf had not approved this due to a formal error.
"Due to the lack of planning law requirements, the approval notice issued is still illegal and must therefore be withdrawn," said Christoph Erkens, chairman of "Boisheim defends himself".
Current state of affairs: Before the summer break, the city council again decided on the wind concentration zone in the Boisheimer Nette; approval from the district government is still pending.
Erkens: "At this point, the granting of a permit for the construction of wind turbines is excluded under planning law."
The circle confirms receipt of the request.
"The corresponding letters have been received by the Viersen district since last week," said a spokesman.
The circle takes them as an opportunity to re-examine the matter.
However, they are unlikely to result in the proceedings being stopped.
With a view to ongoing proceedings at the administrative court, the district did not want to comment on the content of the argument of the association "Boisheim is defending itself" on Thursday.
NEW Re, a subsidiary of NEW, is planning to build four wind turbines, each 200 meters high, on an area on the Boisheimer Nette.
Last year, the company, in which the city of Viersen has an indirect interest, signed lease agreements with the owner of the approximately 65 hectare site.
With the construction of the four wind turbines, the electricity needs of around 11,400 households should be covered - this corresponds to around a fifth of the electricity needs of all Viersen households.
NEW Re wants to invest around 20 million euros.
Last summer Viersen's city council gave the go-ahead for the purchase of three wind turbines in the Linnich wind farm near Aachen and a stake in a wind turbine in Übach-Palenberg in the Heinsberg district.
Car and tractor collapse: woman dies in a terrible accident
A terrible traffic accident occurred on Friday morning around 10 a.m. on the L 333 between Niederwallmenach and Bogel (Rhein-Lahn-Kreis).
One woman was fatally injured.
Two other people were slightly injured.
The state road was closed for hours.
According to the police, a 17-year-old young woman from Bornich drove with her car as part of the accompanied driving with her 53-year-old mother as an accompanying person on the L 333 in the direction of Bogel.
City and retailers are planning a "Heimat-Shopping" weekend
Bad Langensalza residents and people from the region should rediscover the shopping opportunities in the city center in September.
The trade association and the city administration want to use the weekend on September 8th and 9th to entice residents to go shopping in the city center.
As the chairman of the trade association, Christian König, announced, the "home shopping" weekend is intended to sensitize customers to what offers their own city has to offer besides the usual supermarket goods.
A market with regional providers, similar to the weekly market, is planned.
In addition, local companies should present their training positions.
In addition, the shops in the city center should invite you to "midnight shopping".
The campaign is not only aimed at residents of the city and the surrounding region.
According to Christian König, commercials on the radio, an internet video and printed bags are in preparation, which will refer to the promotional weekend.
The city administration and trade association cooperate with the Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
The trade association and the city are thus entering a further stage in the "Attractive Inner City" project.
This includes new offers such as the first "Active Day" at the Brunnenfest including Sunday shopping, talks with all tradespeople and landlords to encourage them to actively participate.
Attractive offers on Saturday and the waiver of parking fees on this day are also part of the concept.
In addition, customer potential should be tapped again or again.
This includes spa guests and tourists.
But also many locals would have lost sight of the city center while shopping.
In the end, everyone should contribute to revitalizing the city center - right down to landlords, businesses throughout the city and associations.
It was important to use a network to overcome the lethargy that had partly spread, König said in the spring.
Birgit Streich, head of the IHK center in Mühlhausen, announced that five Thuringian cities will take part for the first time on the third nationwide "Heimat-Shopping" day.
In addition to Bad Langensalza, these are Weimar, Sömmerda, Heiligenstadt and Bleicherode.
The day should "advertise the appreciation of local trade and emphasize its importance for the common good of our cities," said Streich.
The campaign led by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry and with many partners also makes it clear that every citizen can influence his or her immediate environment with his or her buying behavior.
Two dead and several injured after explosion at US school
During construction work, there was a gas explosion in the school building.
New more people were injured.
Two people were killed and nine others injured, some seriously, in a gas explosion in the US city of Minneapolis.
According to the fire brigade, one injured person was in critical condition on Wednesday (local time).
A person died when part of a school building collapsed in the explosion.
An initially missing person was later also found dead.
The dead were school employees.
The authorities suspected that work on a gas pipeline was the cause of the accident.
Few people were in the Minnehaha Academy building during the holiday season.
Trump put pressure on Mexico to pay for the border wall after leaked transcripts of phone calls
Transcripts of phone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia were published by the Washington Post.
On January 27, Trump called on Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to stop saying publicly that he would not pay for a proposed border wall.
The US president berated him for publicly denouncing the wall. He reportedly said to him, "You can't tell the press that."
Trump started his presidential campaign with a promise to build a wall on the U.S. southern border and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
Transcripts of his first call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also released, revealing a tense exchange.
Mr. Trump told Mr. Turnbull that a deal for the US to take on refugees who immigrated to Australia was "ridiculous," "lousy" and "stupid" and that insisting on the deal brokered by the Obama administration , would make him look like a "fool" after proposing a ban on resettling refugees in the US.
Mr. Trump ended the call after telling Mr. Turnbull, "this is the most awkward call for the whole day."
Moore's Ford Massacre: Activists re-enact racist lynching as a call for justice
A 1948 Ford Mercury drove through a group of onlookers in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled toward Moore's Ford Bridge.
Before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped forward to block its path.
The leader of the mob - a middle-aged man in a pinstripe suit - took a long drag on his cigar and peered through the windshield.
Inside, the inmates hovered in fear.
"We want this n ---- r Roger!" roared the man.
"Get him out of the car!"
Screams broke the silence as a young black man was dragged from the passenger seat.
Fortunately, that horrific scene that played on July 22nd is just a reenactment.
But when a noose is thrown around the neck of "Roger", almost everyone in the audience let out very real sighs.
Since 2005, civil rights activists have been returning to Moore's Ford Bridge to mimick the night two black couples - Roger and Dorothy Malcom and George and Mae Murray Dorsey - were lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1946.
No one has ever been charged with the murders.
"It's really incredible that in all these years not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities, even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who helps organize the reenactment.
"It's a smudge on a story, but it's a burden on our souls."
Brooks is a 71-year-old former Georgia State Congressman and a lifetime civil rights activist.
For him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and is an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.
"We want law enforcement, we want termination, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but first we have to get justice," he said.
"We cannot get healing and reconciliation until we receive justice."
A coroner places a sheet over the body of one of the victims of Moore-Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.
According to FBI files obtained from NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and the surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching trial.
But no one was ever charged.
Though the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say the dual motivations behind the lynchings have always been known across town: politics and sex.
In April 1946, a Supreme Court ruling allowed Georgia black citizens to vote for the first time in the summer primary.
Around the same time as the election, the FBI said black farm tenant Roger Malcom stabbed a white landowner, Barnett Hester, during a fight - allegedly over a woman.
Brooks said the rumor in town was that Hester slept with Malcom's wife, Dorothy, and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.
On July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $ 600 to get Malcom out of jail, according to the FBI.
He was escorted to the prison by Dorothy and her cousins Mae Murray and George Dorsey.
But as they pulled away from the jail and approached Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.
"It turns out that it was Harrison who prepared and ordered the murders," concludes an FBI report.
"It is also evident that there was a conspiracy between state and local law enforcement, which not only participated in the murders, clearing away evidence and covering up the identities of witnesses."
Brooks puts it even more succinctly.
"It was a suffrage massacre," he said.
"They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community," If you register and if you vote, this will happen to you. "
For nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene directed the annual reenactment of the Moore Ford Bridge Lynch murders.
Her portrayal is graphic, poignant, and rooted in a kind of profound racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.
It's hard to watch and even harder to look away from, but Greene said that's the point.
"We don't want to talk about lynching because then we will be confronted with its ugliness in all of us," she said.
"But I can't relate to you if you don't want to listen to me or if you don't want to hear what I've been through".
Rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day nearly 30 actors - a dozen whites and the rest black - huddled in a room and listened as Greene started a well-rehearsed review of the play.
Wade Marbaugh is Greene's co-director here.
He's played the role of chief clan member for years, but he said the role will never get easier.
"I feel dirty because I'm not like that," said Marbaugh.
"But I think it's very important to keep this story alive because we don't want to go back to those times."
Across the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, were rehearsing their lines.
The play begins with Malcom yelling at Hester and harassing him, angry that he slept with his wife Dorothy.
"I said, n --- er, get off my property!"
Rascona returns fire.
There is a pause.
And then everyone (at least all black actors) bursts out laughing.
Greene laughs the loudest.
"What ?!" asked Rascona.
He is alarmed and confused.
Was i too hard
"No," Greene said, still giggling.
"I just don't think white people said 'n --- he' back then."
"Yes," joked one of the other black cast members.
"You just have to say the hard 'R.' to meet."
And that's exactly where the energy shifts in the room, a feeling of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.
Everyone is busy getting this right, not only because of the game but also because of the memory of the four people killed.
The scene starts all over again.
This time when Rascona says the N word, he says it sharply and forcefully.
Absolutely nobody laughs.
This repetition ends violently and quickly.
There are screams, gunshots and then silence.
A woman, dressed in a mourning dress, stands over the bodies of the actors and delivers Billie Holidays mournful eulogy "Strange Fruit".
Your voice breaks every other word.
About a hundred yards behind, a group of about four dozen spectators wiped sweat and tears from their eyes.
The audience is almost equally divided between black and white.
A couple traveled from Ithaca, New York to see the performance, many just walking down the street.
They have all experienced Georgia's oppressive damp for nearly eight hours when Brooks takes them on pilgrimage to the Malcoms and Dorseys burial sites.
Up to this point the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, when you stand in the same land where the lynch murders took place, the air feels spooky.
As the song's final notes fade, Greene invites the crowd to come closer and inspect the bodies.
Children crouch on their heads, registering the fake blood and silent bodies and whispering to each other.
"You're not really dead," mumbles a little boy, as if to remember it.
After a few minutes, Greene thanks the crowd - and suddenly it's over.
The actors throw away the lynching rope and wipe away their tears.
Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the clan member.
Nick Rascona hugs two of his teammates and then breaks down crying in their arms, the emotional burden of the performance finally breaking through on him.
"It's okay," whispers one of the women.
"We know that is not in your heart.
You did this for a reason. "
Later, the audience sits down with the actors for dinner.
At a table, a white couple from Atlanta is chatting animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they have just met.
Denise Duplinski struggled to find words about how the performance left us.
"It's hard to hear these terrible words and deeds ... come from people who look like you who do because they look like you," she said.
"What that really does to me makes me believe the lynching is still going on," she added, "today it's just called police shooting."
In the same room, Tyrone Brooks holds court at his table, he eats and commemorates civil rights.
He said he had already started planning the performance for the next year.
"The reenactment is inspiring in a way because it describes the horror of what we endured, but it's also a learning moment," he said.
"The thing is, if we don't learn anything from it, it can happen again.
Those who do not study their own history, who do not know their own history, are condemned to repeat it. "
"Götterdämmerung" reconciled the Wagnerians in Bayreuth
In the fourth part of Richard Wagner's monumental work, director Frank Castorf relies on a colorful, frivolous staging in front of a gigantic, six-story backdrop.
The revolving stage (designed by Aleksandar Denic) shows either a shabby street corner with the remains of a wall and kebab shop in Berlin, a "plastic and elastane" logo from GDR times or the New York stock exchange.
In front of it is an open Mercedes-Benz, in which the Rhine daughters pose as rocker girls, or alternatively an Isetta.
Stacked oil drums are reminiscent of Castorf's leitmotif - money, power and greed - which runs through his "Ring" production.
The three Rhine daughters - sung by Stephanie Houtzeel, Wiebke Lehmkuhl and Alexandra Steiner - harmonize wonderfully as in "Rheingold".
They seduce Siegfried (Stefan Vinke) in a cheeky manner, drag a corpse into the trunk in Hollywood fashion and create the Krawallo clique.
Stephen Milling sings the wonderfully nasty Hagen who is surrounded by the aura of a heavyweight boxer.
The brutal scene when he kills Siegfried.
Later Gunther (Markus Eiche) also has to believe in it.
The audience thanks the ensemble with loud applause.
Foster, Milling, Vinke and conductor Janowski, who bows modestly and bows his hands in a Merkel diamond, are celebrated with storms.
There is great applause for the festival orchestra, which appears on stage for the first time - in view of the great heat, again in casual casual clothing.
The appearance of Frank Castorf and his directing team was eagerly awaited.
In 2013 he had to endure a screeching whistle concert, but five years later there was great jubilation in which the occasional "boo" shouts were lost.
Festival director Katharina Wagner should have been pleased about it.
"You can tell that the audience has grown together with the" Ring "in a certain way," she said shortly before the performance of the dpa.
The audience not only made a form of peace with Castorf, but also grew an understanding of his point of view.
I draw a positive conclusion.
Max amount works as a volunteer
During your volunteer year you will work in several places.
Where everywhere?
Amount: Usually in Steinfurt in the furniture exchange, once a week I help out here in Greven in the furniture bridge.
And I've already worked at the school in the open all day.
How are your experiences with it?
Crowd: It's a nice, wide range that I see here.
I deal with different people, with young people, with refugees, with young adults.
You are now 26 years old, so a late-calling volunteer.
How come
Crowd: I graduated from high school.
And then a civil engineering degree, let's say, successfully dropped out.
I realized for myself that it is the wrong thing for me and that I want to do something different, to work with people.
And then I asked myself what are you doing.
Do a social year, there is an insight, there you can see what it really is like on site, perhaps also in focus.
And was it like that?
Crowd: I got great impressions.
I will start my studies in social affairs in the winter semester.
I will study dual studies, I will probably do a social worker training in the youth welfare office in Herne and study in Hamm at the technical college.
Isn't it a bit unusual to have several different locations during the volunteer service?
Quantity: yes it is very variable.
It always depends on where you are doing your FSJ.
You can do it from retirement homes to youth work - in all possible facets of social work.
For me it was very varied.
I was also partly in the OGS, so in the afternoon care.
For me, that was exactly what attracted me.
I was able to identify my own strengths and see how it really works.
Different than in civil engineering?
Quantity: Of course, this is not about calculating statics.
You always have other people in front of your head, each with a completely different story behind them.
Whether a refugee or a young person who has been taken out of the family - you always have to deal with it individually.
Very interesting.
And you had no reservations?
Crowd: I'm not the type for that.
It's an area that gives you a lot.
Lots of love, lots of kindness.
There are also negative moments, but that's life.
Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs and cuts dividends to revive the business
UK education group Pearson said Friday it will cut another 3,000 jobs and cut its interim dividend by 72 percent as another restructuring program is launched to help ease the pressures the company is facing.
The downsizing, most of which General Manager John Fallon announced for late 2018 and early 2019, comes on top of his previous restructuring, which has already lost 4,000 jobs.
Pearson announced in a third cost-cutting program in May a plan to cut costs by an additional £ 300 million ($ 394 million) to revive a business hit by the rapid move to digital learning.
The company, which last month sold its stake in Penguin Random House to partner Bertelsmann, said its fiscal year outlook was unchanged after growing 1 percent to £ 2.05 billion in the first half.
Convoy attack in Kabul: NATO soldier killed in suicide attack
A suicide bomber attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing a NATO soldier and injuring several others, officials say.
Five soldiers and an interpreter were injured, said a NATO statement.
Unconfirmed local reports also indicate that three civilians were killed in the incident in the Qarabagh neighborhood.
The bombing is the last act of violence to hit Afghanistan this month - more than 30 people were killed in a mosque in Herat on Tuesday.
On Monday, a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.
A NATO statement said the explosion occurred on Thursday evening when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was "attacked" by an "improvised explosive device carried by people.
The statement says that all injured are in stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram Airfield.
Correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as the Islamic State (IS) in Qarabagh is a major concern for NATO forces in nearby Bagram.
According to the United Nations, there were at least 1,662 civilian deaths in Afghanistan in the first half of 2017, around 20% of them in the capital.
In late July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shiite district of Kabul.
The Taliban said they carried out this attack.
On May 31, a massive bombing in the city center killed more than 150 people in the country's deadliest militant attack since US-led forces ousted the Taliban in 2001.
The violence underscores the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump considers increasing the number of US troops supporting the military and police in the country.
Correspondents say the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also caused a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and, in particular, the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.
EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after lawsuits
The US environmental protection agency has overturned a decision to postpone regulation of the Obama administration, according to which states are obliged to curb smog-causing emissions. This came a day after 15 states sued the agency over the move.
The EPA announced late Wednesday the decision to move forward with what is known as the "2015 Ozone Regulation," saying it shows the agency's commitment to working with states.
"We believe in dialogue with and that we respond to our government partners," said EPO chief Scott Pruitt in a statement.
Pruitt announced in June the EPA's intention to change the ozone regulations - which measure pollutant emissions in part of the country to determine where cuts must be made to meet stricter air quality standards - by one year by October 2018 to delay.
A group of 15 mostly democratic states, along with the district of Colombia, filed a lawsuit Tuesday, saying the effort was illegal.
President Donald Trump's administration has sought to pull back on a wide range of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama as part of a broader agenda that Trump says is designed to fuel economic growth.
The effort, however, has sparked the backlash from Democrats and conservation groups, who are concerned about the public health impact of larger emissions.
The EPA website says that inhaling air containing ozone "can reduce lung function and increase breathing symptoms" such as asthma.
City council wants common room
In the end, the decision was clear: with two votes against, the Fluorn-Winzeln municipal council decided to set up a common room in the future senior citizens' residence.
Before the discussion there is an important piece of information: The purchase contract for the missing part of the property has been signed, reports Mayor Bernhard Tjaden.
It will take some time until the area previously owned by the parish is owned by the parish, but there are now no more planning obstacles for the project to be carried out by a private investor.
There is a discussion about a common room instead.
One of the two investors who are still on board has offered to meet the community.
On the ground floor he would provide a living space - around 55 square meters - and an adjoining terrace with at least 70 square meters for a special price.
The administration and the majority of the municipal council have in mind that such a common room should not only be used as a meeting point for residents of senior-friendly living, but open into the community.
As an example, the word "knitting café" made the rounds.
The decision, which was made in advance last autumn through the provision of funds for the current budget, is sweetened by funding opportunities.
The building is in the redevelopment area.
According to Tjaden, setting up a common room would be eligible for 60 percent of 30 percent.
In order to signal to the investor that no club is to be thrown between his legs in this regard, the proposed resolution stipulates that both saddle roofs - which is based on the surrounding buildings - and monopitch roofs - which reduce the eaves height and the Makes construction more economical - would be possible.
Not only Wilfried Sohmer thinks this addition is unnecessary.
If it helps: it passes the committee unanimously.
It's not that easy with the common room.
Daniela Ruf refers to the many buildings of her own, with which one does not really get ahead, but now lean out of the window in the common room, she says: "I have a hard time with it".
Yvonne Staiger is absolutely in favor of the common room - but absolutely against municipal participation.
She sees behind this as a hidden subsidy to already wealthy or even foreign investors.
That is not the case, because with the acquisition of the area one does not give a subsidy, but receives a real, in case of doubt marketable equivalent, is the counter-speech.
Staiger's request to split the proposed resolution accordingly finds three supporters.
So it remains with two votes against the original program, which Stefan Haller sums up: "If we take the decision like this, we will take a giant step towards closing a huge gap in our infrastructure".
Collision with a car: cyclist is thrown onto the street
While crossing the street, an 82-year-old cyclist was hit by a car in Garath on Wednesday and was seriously injured.
As the police announced, the 82-year-old Langenfelder was on his bike on the cycle path on the Schwarzer Weg coming from Hilden at 12.20 p.m.
The senior wanted to cross the lane at the level of Am Buchholzer Busch.
A driver driving in the same direction gave him priority.
When the Langenfelder drove onto the road, he evidently did not pay attention to the oncoming traffic.
He crashed into a car that was driven by a 66-year-old from Hilden.
The man was thrown into the street.
He suffered serious injuries and was taken to a hospital in an ambulance.
FC Bayern Munich will have to do without David Alaba and Thiago in the Supercup against Borussia Dortmund
The Supercup takes place without him: David Alaba has to skip the game against Dortmund.
With personnel worries, FC Bayern travels to Dortmund for the first competitive game of the new season.
The defending champion is missing seven professionals in the Supercup against the cup winners.
The personnel worries at the German soccer record champions Bayern Munich are getting bigger and bigger before the Supercup on Saturday (8.30 p.m. / ZDF and Eurosport) at the cup winners Borussia Dortmund.
Coach Carlo Ancelotti also has to do without David Alaba in the duel with BVB.
The Italian confirmed that on Friday.
In addition, Munich's Manuel Neuer, James, Thiago, Jerome Boateng, Arjen Robben and Juan Bernat are missing.
Ancelotti blamed the physical condition and lack of balance in his team's game for the five defeats in the last six friendly matches.
"We know we are not in the best physical shape," said Ancelotti, adding: "The most important point is the balance in the team.
It wasn't good in the end. "
However, the 58-year-old believes in an increase in performance in the first official competitive game of the season.
"Football is also tactics, strategy, personality and motivation.
I have great confidence that my team will show these qualities.
The crew is ready.
We want to play smart, "said Ancelotti, who is expecting a" difficult, intense game ".
The duel between the two German soccer heavyweights casts a spell over the fans.
The game is sold out with 81,360 spectators, announced the German Football League (DFL) on Friday.
Hike from star to star in the Harz Mountains
The nationwide first "Star Path" is to be built in the Harz Mountains.
This is planned by the Sankt Andreasberg Observatory.
There is a planet path in Göttingen - since 2003.
It was said that a "star path" met the need for information of many visitors to the Harz.
It combines nature, science, exercise and athletic performance.
The members want to set up boards along the planned route and provide information about stars and constellations.
In a first phase up to 2018, the association is planning "easily accessible installations in five to six locations" in the Upper Harz.
St. Andreasberg, Braunlage, Hohegeiß and Sieber would be considered.
The information on the boards should be supplemented via the Internet.
That is why good mobile network reception plays a role when choosing a location.
Accessibility is also a criterion.
Later, the star path is to be expanded step by step.
"On the star trail, the viewer learns a lot of interesting facts, for example about the physics of the individual stars," explained the association.
They also learned why stars have different colors or why one star shines more strongly than another even though it is much further away.
It is also conveyed in which constellation a selected star is located and when it can best be seen.
The association has been operating the highest located observatory in northern Germany in the mountain town of St. Andreasberg since 2014.
According to the Federal Agency for Nature Conservation, the location in the middle of the Harz National Park is one of the six darkest regions in Germany.
Often from there, the Milky Way and even the Andromeda Galaxy can be clearly seen with the naked eye.
In the university town there has been something similar to the planned Sternenwerg - the planet path - on the initiative of the Goettingen Planetarium Association since 2003.
Starting in front of Gebhard's hotel in Goetheallee, which forms the interior of our solar system, the planet path with its steles leads up to the Hainberg and the observatory - as well as an "extraterrestrial" location in Diemarden (municipality of Gleichen) with the planet Sedna.
The steles with the individual planets - including Pluto, which has been degraded to a dwarf planet at the end point - are set up exactly at a distance and scale of one to two billion.
The earth shrinks to a sphere 6.5 millimeters in diameter, while the sun, which is exactly 75 meters away, measures 70 centimeters.
The entire distance of the planetary path is a good four kilometers.
While the light from the sun to Pluto takes about eight hours, pedestrians need a good hour to reach the stele with Pluto.
Pedestrians are therefore faster than light in space.
The march to the next fixed star would take another six months.
Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discussing a possible showdown
Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who were supposed to be on a collision course to stage the most thrilling boxing match under 147 pounds in the near future, first met on Thursday.
They were in separate rooms at ESPN's Los Angeles offices until Garcia, the undefeated World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked down the hall to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization super-featherweight champion.
After Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former four-division world champion Adrien Broner on Saturday on Showtime, both fighters are members of the top five pound-for-pound list.
Garcia held out his right hand and said, "How are you, Champion?
I wish you luck."
Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga Saturday night at 7 p.m. on ESPN.
As the couple posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas noted that a possible showdown between the fighters would be the "perfect magnitude".
“I'm a former featherweight,” Garcia recalled.
"I went up for Broner [to 140 pounds], but I'm not that big.
I am small for 140.
I want to get down to lightweight.
And he has to move on to lightweights [135 pounds] and then we fight.
That is what the fans demand.
Let's give that to them. "
Lomachenko agreed.
"Boxing needs this fight."
Klimas asked if it should be on pay-per-view, part of a strategy Lomachenko, with a £ 135 debut this year, has to fight to fix a date with Garcia next summer (37-0, 30 knockouts ) who is also interested in fighting the winner of Jorge Linares-Luke Campbell after their lightweight title fight in the forum on September 23rd.
"This fight could take place in pay-per-view mode because all the fans have asked for it," said Garcia, later openly saying that he was fighting on the network that offers the best financial package.
We are the best.
No other names can attract this kind of attention.
Whenever you are ready ... "
Garcia said he valued Lomachenko as "an enormous fighter" and that he might be able to take part in his Saturday fight.
But Lomachenko stopped at the generous praise for Garcia, saying that he thinks the three-way champions from Riverside look "very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted to knock out".
Garcia said the focus is on punching power, then boxing.
Both said they could feel the momentum building for their own struggle.
"This is the fight that needs to be waged.
No other fight generates as much attention and enthusiasm.
I'm more than happy to be working on it, "said Garcia.
Lomachenko said, "I've been waiting for the top fighters and this is Mikey.
It's going to be a great fight. "
Four injured after a flat tire
In an accident on the A7 on Thursday afternoon, four people were injured, some seriously.
According to initial information, the driver of an Opel Zafira lost control of his vehicle around 4.30 p.m. shortly before the Marktbreit junction, presumably after a tire blown.
The car skidded right into the embankment, where it overturned and then lay on the roof in the green strip.
The four occupants - two adults and two children - were seriously injured in the accident.
During the first care of the injured by the rescue service, the A7 to the north was closed for about an hour, after which traffic on the left lane could be directed past the accident site.
Fortunas Hoffmann: "Triple chain works better"
Andre Hoffmann hopes after the 2-2 at the season opener against Braunschweig that the optimization of the defensive formation in Aue will bring points.
Andre Hoffmann was satisfied with the first game of the season and also with the result had it not been for the two goals conceded in the 2-2 draw against Braunschweig.
"That was two goals too many and we have to be even more careful in Aue," said the Fortuna Düsseldorf defender.
In the Ore Mountains, the triple chain is to be further optimized.
And fortunes no longer want to catch a goal after a free kick.
"For the future it will be the case that nobody will stand next to Michael (Rensing) on the line."
Hoffmann is convinced that his team will cope better with the back three than with the back four even after the experiences in the preparation.
"I don't yet know how we will act in Aue," says his coach Friedhelm Funkel, but Hoffmann is sure of his cause, "because we have players in the three-man chain in the half positions in Kaan Ayhan and Niko Gießelmann who can build up well "said Hoffmann.
"The prerequisite is, however, that we harmonize even better and that we do not afford so many playback errors in the structure."
Of course, Hoffmann also goes to Aue to win the game.
"But I don't know whether you can speak of a bad start after a draw.
The performance could be okay, "said Hoffmann.
"But if we have four points on Sunday and can concentrate on the trophy, we will certainly be able to speak of a decent start to the season."
His trainer didn't want to know anything about that.
"I don't judge the start of the season until after six to eight match days," said Friedhelm Funkel, who doesn't want to speak of an advantage over Aue just because the Saxons game in Heidenheim had to be stopped prematurely due to a storm.
"Now they can almost start the season with a home game," said Funkel and Hoffmann believes that the players from Aue might even be a little fresher because they don't have a difficult and complete game like Fortuna against a promotion favorite in their bones.
"But they don't know 100 percent where they are at the moment," says the Fortuna central defender.
It is true that the guests from the Rhineland go into the match in the finally (almost) finished stadium in Aue as a slight favorite on Sunday.
"It's nonsense that we're sweeping them away just because we claim to be in the top six," says Funkel, whose record is positive with just one defeat against Aue out of nine games.
"There is no team in the 2nd Bundesliga that you have to beat from the start," explains Fortuna's head coach.
"To make such a statement would be arrogant and arrogant".
And so Funkel does not want to experience his players on Sunday.
New results of the Swedish asylum age assessment tests published
The latest results of tests for asylum seekers in Sweden who underwent a new method of medical age assessment show that more than 80 percent of the people tested are older than 18 years. But not everyone believes in the accuracy of these results.
The Swedish Forensic Medicine Authority (Rättsmedicinalverket) started running the tests last year.
They are designed to make age assessment more accurate during the asylum procedure after the Swedish Migration Agency (Migrationsverket) was criticized for errors in assessing the correct age of some refugees who were minors.
To date, Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now published the results of a total of 2,481 tests from mid-March to July 31, 2017.
Eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or older, while a further 25 cases were judged by the Forensic Medicine Agency to be "possibly 18 years or older."
In 432 cases, the conclusion was that the person "may be under the age of 18".
The tests are only done in cases where the person's age is in question.
According to Johan Göransson of the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results have been consistent over the past few months.
"We don't see a huge difference in the statistics for the past few months, the numbers are pretty consistent," he told The Local magazine.
The high proportion of cases where the person was judged to be over the age of 18 does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about his or her age.
In May, the agency released the results of 581 tests and said there were 442 cases that "suggest the person being examined is 18 years or older".
When the newspaper Svenska Dagbladet examined the 581 published results, it found that in 243 of those cases, the person had openly stated that they would be turning 18 this year.
The method of medical age assessment, which involves taking x-rays of wisdom teeth and MRIs of knee joints, which are then analyzed by dentists and radiologists, has also been criticized in some areas.
One skeptic is the Karolinska Institute's endocrinologist Claude Marcus, whose work includes assessing people's biological maturity to see if they went through puberty earlier or later than usual.
"I had reason to think about it and I don't think the type of measurement should be used.
Judging biological age in this way is very uncertain.
If we can't say for sure, we shouldn't pretend we can, "he told Metro.
However, Göransson of the Forensic Medicine Agency defended the accuracy of the tests: "In general, you can say the risk of misjudging a child as an adult is low.
The greatest risk is when the person is just under 18, in this case about 10 percent. "
Right on schedule
Work on the three bridges on Landstrasse 108 between Lauterbach and Schramberg is making good progress.
On Wednesday, a seven-ton concrete part was installed on the bridge at the eastern entrance to Lauterbach.
"We are very good at the time, it is going great," says Reinhold Leicht, site manager at the Department of Roads and Transport in the Freiburg Regional Council.
In April, work began simultaneously on all three bridges between Schramberg and Lauterbach in need of renovation.
The end of construction is scheduled for October and Leicht is sure that the schedule will be adhered to.
The first bridge, coming from Schramberg, leads over the Trombach.
It is a vaulted arch bridge made of concrete, clad with red sandstone and has a total length of 4.80 meters.
It was built in 1900.
Like the other two bridges, it is now showing its age.
In order to ensure stability and traffic safety, the three structures are now being thoroughly renovated.
The other two bridges lead over the Lauterbach.
They are made of red sandstone.
Both were built in 1939 and are twelve and 10.60 meters long, respectively.
On Wednesday morning, the bridge at the entrance to Lauterbach was given a so-called bridge cap on the north side, 1.30 meters wide and weighing seven tons.
This is an edge fastening that is also used as a service route.
A 2.20 meter wide bridge cap is to be installed on the southern part of the bridge on Friday.
The pedestrian path should then run on it.
The special thing about it is that it is about prefabricated parts, a patent of the Schramberg company Dizwo.
The other two bridges are already provided with the patented bridge caps.
The laying of cables through the structure in Lauterbach required special instinct.
Because there is also a fiber optic cable to which many companies are connected.
The residents were informed about the project in advance of the work by means of handouts.
In addition, fish and crabs first had to be fished.
For the bridges between the building yard and the collecting pond in the direction of Schramberg, traffic is regulated in one lane by a traffic light.
For the construction work on the bridge at the Lauterbach town entrance, the road in the area of the bridge at the level of the hotels "Tannenhof" and "Sieben Linden" is completely closed.
The total cost of the three bridge renovations is 700,000 euros.
The whole thing is financed by the country.
AfD in Gerolstein: Colorful protest over German potato salad
It doesn't happen that often that parties pull together, but when it comes to the Alternative for Germany (AfD), what is otherwise difficult to reconcile comes together.
The parties represented in the Vulkaneifel district assembly (CDU, SPD, Greens, FDP, FWG, Linke) belong to a broad alliance that is peacefully showing its colors on this day because the AfD is inviting people to the “big election campaign kick-off” in Gerolstein's town hall.
And brings well-known names to the start - such as Alice Weidel, who, together with Alexander Gauland, forms the top duo for the federal election on September 24, and the deputy federal chairwoman Beatrix von Storch.
But those who are there hours before the start of the event don't want to listen to AfD members, they want to demonstrate.
The motto "The Eifel remains colorful".
The city picnic was originally planned under the motto "Everyone at one table" on the Brunnenplatz, but now takes place in the parking lot below the roundabout - and thus right in front of the eyes of those who come to the AfD event in the city hall.
A colorful picture that presents itself.
And what Christa Karoli, chairwoman of the Forum Eine Welt and one of the main organizers, is really happy about: "It's great how many people have come together here".
There is music and lots of food, including a "traditional German potato salad that the AfD could eat without any problems," says the woman who brought it with her.
The police have ordered many officers to Gerolstein, they are especially present at the train station, which is only a few meters away from the venues.
How did the AfD come across Gerolstein?
Mario Hompes from the AfD Vulkaneifel reports that he tried to organize such an event and was awarded the contract.
The 45-year-old from Gönnersdorf had initially asked Daun, but was rejected there because there were not enough parking spaces due to the Laurentiuskirmes already set up.
So now the roundabout, Hompes is happy that "we can have such a nice event here".
Looking at the event on the Rondellvorplatz, he says: "That is the right of the people, the main thing is that it remains peaceful".
It does that too: Around 8 p.m., a band provides entertainment on the roundabout forecourt, and various speakers in the town hall, including the Rhineland-Palatinate AfD chairman Uwe Junge.
There are around 200 listeners in the hall, waiting for the top candidate for the federal election, Alice Weidel, and the deputy federal chairwoman Beatrix von Storch to give their speeches.
The police presence has not changed, but so far the officers have had a quiet evening.
The AfD event lasts a little over an hour, the guests on the forecourt have a longer breath, but there, too, cleaning up shortly after 9 p.m.
The police can move away - no special incidents.
Trumpet meets trumpet
There will be a repeat hearing with the Wolfach trombonist Frederic Belli in the Haslach Monastery Concerts series tomorrow, Sunday, at 8 p.m. in the monastery church.
Together with the Bulgarian trumpeter Miroslav Petkov he gives a concert under the motto "Black Sea meets Black Forest", or "Balkan folklore" meets a classical German education with roots in brass music.
Both soloists are winners and laureates of numerous international competitions and hold solo positions in top European orchestras.
Petkov is principal trumpeter with the renowned Concertgebouw Orchestra Amsterdam and Frederic Belli is principal trombonist with the SWR Symphony Orchestra.
Both unite the desire not only to cross the boundaries on their instruments, but also to merge the boundaries of the different genres.
Johann Sebastian Bach sounds like a new garment for both of them, Daniel Schnyder's "World Music" combines with Bulgarian folklore, and in the piece "Exchange Suite" by the jazz prizewinner Nils Wogram, classical music, jazz and free play mix to form a fascinating work of art .
This central part of the program was premiered in Freiburg this spring with huge success.
The renowned composer Nils Wogram wrote it especially for the two musicians and more: The Haslach monastery church with its special acoustics is deliberately included in the concert.
Kristen Stewart talks about her bisexuality
"Some people love grilled cheese and will eat it for the rest of their lives.
But I want to try everything, "said Kristen Stewart openly about her bisexuality.
"When I bite into grilled cheese, I think, 'Oh that was cool, what's next?'"
The Hollywood star's best-known relationship was that with her "Twilight" colleague Robert Pattinson, which ultimately fell apart bitterly.
Despite all of this, the brunette actress told Harper's Bazaar magazine: "I was seriously in love with everyone I have dated.
Or do you think I would have played it? "
After their split, Kristen admitted that she was bisexual: "I've always lived dualism and seriously believed in it.
So it has never confused or hindered me.
I just never liked not being taken seriously. "
According to "Bang Showbiz", she suffered particularly from this in her school days when she preferred to dress like a boy: "Not all girls are typical girls.
That really hurt me a lot.
When I was eleven, the kids told me I looked like a boy.
I felt really attacked, scared, and ashamed.
Now I look back and think: 'Girl, be proud of yourself!' "
She especially doesn't like explaining her love life to the public: "People expect you to behave in a certain way and that annoys me.
And maybe some call me ungrateful, but I don't like having to justify myself to the general public. "
West Virginia governor announces he is changing sides
. West Virginia Democratic Governor Jim Justice announced at a rally with President Trump Thursday night that he would change sides.
Like it or not, the Democrats have moved away from me, "said Governor Justice.
"Today, with much prayer and much thought, I will tell you ... today, as a resident of West Virginia, I will tell you that I cannot help you anymore when I am a Democratic governor."
The rally broke out into cheers.
"Tomorrow I will change my registration to Republicans," added Justice.
"As a coach, I would say it's time to play another game."
Mr. Trump previously promised a big announcement at the West Virginia rally.
Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not approve of the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
Justice, who is the only billionaire in the state according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.
Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states and inherited a coal business from his father.
It's worth about $ 1.59 billion.
Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee issued a statement Thursday evening in which it said: "The change of party from Governor Justice is another blow to a Democratic Party that would rather prevent us than work to make our country great again. "
"With only 15 governorates and control of the fewest legislatures in history, Governor Justice's announcement is just the final rejection of a party that is top to bottom without leadership and unable to find a positive, unifying message," RNC chairman Ronna McDaniel told CBS News in a statement.
Coe praises "honest" Russian apology for doping scandal
World athletics head Sebastian Coe on Thursday praised what he described as an overt excuse from Russia for a doping scandal, but reiterated that it was not the time for the country to get back into the sport.
Russia's head of athletics, Dmitry Shylakhtin, said during the IAAF Congress on the eve of the World Athletics Championships that his country's ban from the sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.
He said he was sorry for "all the athletes who were snatched gold and silver medals in competitions".
Despite its comments, the IAAF Congress voted to maintain the ban imposed in November 2015 after a report by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) found evidence of government-sponsored doping in Russia.
"I thought it was a very frank response today, a very honest presentation," IAAF President Coe told reporters.
"The entire Council and Congress were delighted that the Russian Federation has recognized itself that it has had some pretty hot times and will do everything possible to ensure that the Federation is reshaped."
Coe said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for its reintroduction.
"I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress has been made, but Congress supports the task force's recommendations that this is not the time to reinstate Russia," Coe said.
"We have to do everything in the next few months to normalize this situation.
The guiding principle has always been that we wanted to separate the clean athletes from the corrupt system, "he added
Nineteen Russian athletes will compete as neutral players according to the strict IAAF criteria at the World Athletics Championships, which start in London on Friday.
The head of the IAAF task force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia has yet to meet some of the criteria for reinstatement.
Drug tests are still inadequate and banned trainers are still free to work, he told reporters in London after speaking to the IAAF Council.
Mourning act for soldiers who have crashed in Mali
At a memorial service in Fritzlar, northern Hesse, around 1000 people thought of the two soldiers who had died in a helicopter crash in Mali.
The ceremony took place on Thursday in the cathedral city under high security precautions.
Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen (CDU) said nothing about the still unexplained cause of the crash.
However, she described the two pilots who died as "experts in their field".
"We bow to this greatest sacrifice that you have made on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany," she said.
The 33-year-old major and the 47-year-old staff captain from Northern Hesse were killed a week ago in Mali, West Africa.
Their coffins were transferred to Germany and brought to the Fritzlar Cathedral of St. Peter accompanied by a wake of the Bundeswehr on Thursday.
At noon only the relatives said goodbye in the church.
Then the funeral began with family, closest friends, representatives of the Bundeswehr and politicians.
Among them were Hesse's Prime Minister Volker Bouffier (CDU) and the General Inspector of the Bundeswehr Volker Wieker.
Mourners laid roses, the relatives stood arm in arm by the coffins.
In front of the church, Fritzlarer and numerous soldiers watched the ceremony on a screen.
Defense Minister von der Leyen described the perished soldiers as "highly decorated" and experienced.
The staff captain helped set up the flight operations of the Tiger attack helicopter in Fritzlar and was one of the first six trained Tiger pilots in his regiment.
Volker Bauersachs, commander of the regiment to which the soldiers belong, also declared: "If this crew could not avert the crash, then no one would have been able to".
Minister von der Leyen did not show any doubts about the UN mission in Mali: The mission was dangerous.
But it is also of great importance "for a country from which we are only separated by two states," she said.
After the funeral service, the coffins were brought out of the cathedral.
When and where they are buried, the Bundeswehr did not provide any information.
Prince Henrik doesn't want a grave next to his wife
The husband of the Danish Queen Margrethe (77), Prince Henrik (83), does not want to be buried next to his wife after his death.
The royal family announced on Thursday.
Traditionally, the Danish royal couple is buried in Roskilde Cathedral.
The sculptor Bjørn Nørgaard already made a sarcophagus for the two of them.
The Queen agreed with her husband's decision, the message said.
Where Prince Henrik will be buried is still unclear.
But he did not intend to be buried in his French homeland.
Prince Henrik had never made a secret of the fact that he was not happy with his title.
After his wife Margrethe ascended to the throne in 1972, he would have liked to become king.
In 2016 he retired and thereby also gives up the title "Prince Consort".
Since Henrik did not get the title and the function he wanted in Denmark, he does not see himself as an equal to his wife - not even after death, said Lene Balleby, the chief spokeswoman for the Danish royal family.
It is still unclear where the 83-year-old's final resting place will be.
However, he does not intend to be buried in his French homeland, but in Denmark.
He likes the country he has worked for over the past 50 years.
Born in Henri de Laborde de Monpezat, the son of a French aristocratic family, Margrethe met in London in 1965.
On the Thames he worked in the French embassy.
While his future wife always received expressions of sympathy from the people, Prince Henrik had a difficult time with the Danes in his almost 50-year reign.
In an autobiography, Henrik said of the first few years in Denmark: "A few months after my arrival, everything I did was criticized.
My Danish was unsteady, I preferred wine to beer, silk stockings to knitted socks, Citroën to Volvo, tennis to soccer.
Even for the Gauloises, whom I smoked instead of Virginia tobacco and who had a reputation in this country for being the brand of socially critical intellectuals, I couldn't hope for indulgence.
I was different.
I seemed satisfied with this position and not ashamed of myself.
There were two mistakes! "
Prime Minister Weil wants new elections as soon as possible
CDU and FDP before a possible majority in Lower Saxony
Lower Saxony's Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) is in favor of a quick election of the state parliament after the loss of the red-green government majority, but he does not want to resign.
Weil spoke out in favor of dissolving parliament on Friday.
Previously, the surprising departure of a Green MP from her parliamentary group in Lower Saxony plunged the government of Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) into a serious crisis.
Five months before the official date of the state elections, the red-green coalition in Hanover thus lost its narrow one-vote majority in parliament to the opposition from the CDU and FDP.
The previous Green MP Elke Twesten justified her move with the non-nomination for the 2018 election in her constituency in Rotenburg (Wümme).
"I see my political future in the CDU," she said on Friday in Hanover.
CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to recommend his parliamentary group to include them.
This would give the CDU and FDP a total of 69 seats in the Lower Saxony state parliament, the SPD and the Greens 68 seats.
So far the relationship has been reversed.
The new state parliament will be elected regularly on January 14th next year.
Thümler said the red-green state government had to decide now whether it could continue to govern in this situation without a majority.
Stephan Weil, however, considers it essential that the Landtag resolves to dissolve itself as quickly as possible.
The CDU parliamentary group is expected to make a decision on how to proceed on Tuesday.
The state constitution also provides for the possibility of the state parliament withdrawing confidence in the prime minister and electing a successor.
"Our constitution offers several options.
These possibilities have to be checked legally, ”said Thümler.
"All questions will be discussed calmly once they have been properly examined from a legal perspective."
Thümler called Westens step "a bit strange".
The politician herself emphasized: "I am not a traitor.
I feel very good".
She described herself as a supporter of black and green.
The Greens asked the renegade MPs to return their state parliament mandate.
"We are of course assuming that she will return her state parliament mandate, which she received via the green state list, with immediate effect," said state chairmen Meta Janssen-Kucz and Stefan Körner.
The group leader of the Greens Anja Piel said: "We very much regret the decision of Elke Twesten".
She made a conscious decision not to have a debate in the group.
"Even against the background that there were no content-related differences, we cannot understand this step."
SPD Chancellor candidate Martin Schulz condemns the transfer of the Lower Saxony Green MP Elke Twesten to the CDU as treason.
"The behavior of the former Green MPs in Lower Saxony is not only betrayal of the electorate, but also betrayal of Red-Green," wrote the Bundestag Social Democrat on Friday on Facebook.
He supported the decision by Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) to quickly re-elect the state parliament.
The exit of West will cost Red-Green the majority in Lower Saxony.
The politician "in her hurt vanity and frustration put her personal interests before the welfare of the country," criticized SPD General Secretary Hubertus Heil.
"It is a scandal that the CDU in Lower Saxony is participating in this dirty game of intrigue and trying to make political capital out of it."
Lower Saxony's CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to recommend his MPs to include Elke Twesten in the CDU.
The leader of the SPD parliamentary group in the Bundestag, Thomas Oppermann, accused Twesten of falsifying the result of the 2013 state elections with personal career considerations.
The CDU was the strongest force before the SPD, but the SPD and the Greens had a wafer-thin majority of one vote in the state parliament.
Interview with the Minister of Agriculture - How do we protect ourselves from poison eggs, Mr Schmidt?
Germany discusses contaminated eggs.
How did the scandal happen?
How can consumers protect themselves.
Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt (CSU) answers questions in an interview with the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
Mr. Schmidt, how can consumers protect themselves from poisoned eggs?
I can only encourage all consumers to take a close look at the eggs in your refrigerator and check the stamps.
The federal states provide the latest information about the affected egg batches on the consumer protection portal www.Lebensmittelwarnung.de.
Affected eggs should be destroyed or returned.
Even if, based on what we currently know, a health hazard is practically impossible.
Is Aldi now taking on the best possible crisis response - all eggs out of the offer - because the federal minister of agriculture does not really perceive the central role of the scout?
Food monitoring is the task of the federal states.
Nonetheless, my house got in touch immediately and has been in close contact with the authorities of the federal states since it became known that Germany was affected.
All information and the risk assessment are available to consumers.
Just like the manufacturers, retailers have to ensure that the products sold are marketable and do not pose a health risk.
If the maximum residue level of 0.005mg / kg is exceeded in eggs, they are not marketable.
However, uncontaminated eggs can be sold and consumed.
This time it is not the companies' fault.
Are production companies and consumers in the same boat?
According to the current state of knowledge, the production companies are not directly to blame.
Rather, they must expect economic damage due to allegedly illegal practices by service companies.
As always, there are too few inspectors in an emergency.
Is there just a lack of staff or is it also lacking in conclusive responsibility?
It was the official controls that uncovered the process.
It is also true, however, that food fraud and criminal energy can never be 100 percent ruled out.
It is precisely for this reason that a consistent investigation of such incidents and their handover to the public prosecutor's office in cases where criminal offenses may exist are of decisive importance.
I have already made it clear several times that I expect the responsible authorities to provide complete clarification.
Is regular food scandal alarmism really necessary?
Consumers have the right to receive only safe and marketable food.
When an unapproved insecticide is used in the food industry, consumers are rightly outraged.
As a result of the adulterated agent, manufacturers, dealers and consumers have found themselves in a situation that is absolutely unnecessary.
In principle, it must be clear: The illegal use of the insecticide Fipronil in the keeping of food-producing animals is unacceptable and must be stopped immediately.
This has to be worked on consistently and at full speed at all levels.
I expect all responsible authorities to clarify the matter quickly and completely.
How football's financial rules affect Neymar's move to Paris
The rules, which aim to prevent unhindered spending by European football clubs, won't disrupt Neymar's world-record transfer from Barcelona, Spain, to Paris-Saint Germain, France.
There are still some consequences for Paris Saint-Germain from UEFA, as the governing organization that oversees the European game has the power to ban teams from entering the prestigious Champions League tournament.
Financial fair play rules, which were launched by UEFA in 2011, mean that at some point PSG will have to prove that Neymar's transfer was financed without major losses.
Barcelona have paid € 222 million ($ 262 million) to buy the Brazilian out of his contract and Neymar will receive a salary that will be tens of millions of dollars a year.
Here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.
PSG can sure get the money out of the way to get Neymar to sign and take him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding from the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.
Clubs are allowed to spend a lot of money to acquire players, but they have to counteract this with legitimate sources of income that enable them to break even in their football-related business.
FFP was designed by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA President in 2007.
The former French player believed that clubs that had incurred enormous debts in their pursuit of success were effectively cheating and risking ruin if banks or owners withdrew their support.
In 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on the clubs' debt to monitoring their losses.
The change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich originally used in Chelsea in 2003 - buying a club with potential and then investing heavily to improve the team and build a global brand - should become a tougher proposition.
During the current three-year FFP assessment period, which runs until 2018, clubs can accept losses of 30 million euros.
And although Platini fell out of favor from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor, Aleksander Ceferin, remains committed to discouraging excessive spending.
"Of course FFP is not dead and we will definitely be tightening the rules for the future," Andrea Traverso, who is in charge of FFP at UEFA, told The Associated Press last week.
Although PSG paid for Neymar's buy-out clause in a lump sum, it can spread the amount for billing over the duration of his contract.
Neymar has signed a five-year contract so that the transfer fee for the next five years in the amount of 44.4 million euros can be shown in the annual financial statements.
The first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 hit the PSG, along with Abu Dhabi, which is owned by Manchester City, with the most severe sanctions.
The PSG received a fine of 60 million euros (then 82 million dollars), which was later reduced to 20 million euros - and it was ordered that the team members for the Champions League of the 2014/15 season on 21 players instead of the otherwise normal 25 players remains limited.
UEFA is on the lookout for clubs that could try to outsmart their financial supervision by inflating their revenue through companies affiliated with a club's owners.
While a Qatari company could sponsor PSG if the value of the sponsorship exceeded standard market rates, UEFA would not allow this to be considered legitimate income.
This is exactly what happened in 2014 when UEFA decided that the value of sponsoring the PSA had been inflated by the Qatar Tourism Authority.
It has been reported that some of the PSG payments to Neymar could come through payments from the organizing committee of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
But PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become World Cup ambassadors and that such a maneuver could be easy for UEFA regulators to figure out.
The previous sanctions against PSG mean that UEFA will be even more vigilant to respect any attempt to circumvent the rules.
UEFA had no preparatory talks with PSG about Neymar's transfer, people familiar with the situation said on Thursday.
They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity as they had no authority to discuss the PSG situation.
The latest published reports show that PSG achieved a profit of more than 10 million euros in 2015/16 with a turnover of 542.4 million euros.
The accounts for the last fiscal year have yet to be published.
PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon to sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.
The association assumes that sales will increase by at least 30 percent after signing.
The Spanish league was clearly irritated to see one of the best football players leave and they tried to prevent Neymar from leaving by claiming PSG would violate FFP.
"It is a clear case of 'financial doping' with the club and the state," La Liga president Javier Tebas told Spanish daily AS regarding Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga’s reservations about a club funding state.
"It's the consequence of ownership and that has completely changed the entire landscape of football in the last 15 years," Wenger said on Thursday.
"Once a country has a club, anything is possible.
It becomes very difficult to respect financial fair play because you can go different ways or have different interests when a country has such a big actor to represent a country. "
Swiss is looking for a new chocolate supplier
In the past few years, Chocolat Frey has been producing Bord chocolate for Swiss.
Now the sweet collaboration is about to come to an end: the airline puts the order out to tender.
Swiss spokeswoman Meike Fuhlrott confirmed a corresponding report by the newspaper "Nordwestschweiz" on Friday at the request of the sda news agency.
According to current planning, the airline will sign a new contract in the first half of 2018.
The products would be checked and quality controlled every two to three years.
"We are very satisfied with the current supplier Chocolat Frey," said the spokeswoman.
Every year the flight attendants distribute around 17 million small red and white chocolate bars weighing 14 grams to the passengers before landing.
Swiss did not want to provide any information about the costs.
Industry insiders estimate the order volume according to "Northwestern Switzerland" at 1.5 to 2 million francs - the Migros subsidiary achieves annual sales of around one billion francs.
But the more important thing is the advertising effect: for a chocolate manufacturer it is a prestigious order.
Swiss does not want to reveal how many applicants there are for the new advertisement.
However, only Swiss manufacturers are eligible.
According to the newspaper report, Chocolat Frey plans to renew the contract beyond spring 2018.
The largest Swiss chocolate manufacturer could not be reached for a statement by the sda.
Swiss has been distributing chocolate bars on board its flights since 2006.
Before Swiss signed a contract with the Migros subsidiary, Barry Callebaut had supplied the chocolate tablets in collaboration with Hug.
Swiss introduced the option of placing the logo two and a half years ago when it started working with Chocolat Frey.
The airline works with various Swiss chocolate producers.
On long-haul flights, First Class customers are spoiled with delicacies from Confiserie Sprüngli, while passengers in Business Class nibble on chocolate from Lindt and in Economy Class chocolate from Chocolat Frey.
Swiss Schoggi from Chocolat Frey is also distributing short-haul chocolates in both business and economy class.
Athletics - Olympic discus champion Robert Harting reaches World Cup final
The three-time world champion will fight for a medal in the final on Saturday.
His brother Christoph, Olympic champion in 2016, failed in the national World Cup elimination and could only watch the discus competition from the stands.
Also with the first attempt, the Polish defending champion Piotr Malachowski, who threw 65.13 meters, qualified for the final fight.
Nostalgia takes a niche in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"
This repetition of the story is nostalgic for the glory days of the characters in the 80s, for the 90s grunge era (when thought leaders David Wain and Michael Showalter directed the sketch comedy "The State" for MTV ), and for yourself - that is, for 2001, before their stars like Elizabeth Banks, Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd went to bigger things.
As a cultural artifact, it's both a parody and an embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent memories.
But as a franchise, it feels like time is running out.
"First Day of Camp" worked surprisingly well, and not just because of its absurd humor (it contained an original story for a talking can of vegetables voiced by H. Jon Benjamin).
By sticking to the core of the gag - middle-aged actors play horny kids growing up - they still made the impossibility of getting the last part of the joke back.
"Ten Years Later," with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody is more water-based, including a riff on 90s stalker films like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" ("The hand that rocks the cradle").
At one point, a character is browsing an Apple powerbook, some rollerblading, and "a bunch of other things from 1991".
Many of the central stories are the same.
The gracious Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, still hasn't forgotten Katie (Marguerite Moreau).
Victor (Ken Marino) has still not lost his virginity.
And there's another crazy-vicious plot that includes Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), now supported by George HW Bush (a well done impression of Michael Ian Black).
As always, the digressions are the best part of the franchise.
It's especially fun to see the eternally young Mr. Rudd showing off Matt Dillon's mustache from "Singles," whose former Big Man on Camp Andy now feels like an old geezer.
It's the moments of random insanity that could fuel this franchise like a kind of repetitive "Seven Up!" Series until it achieves what I take to be its logical conclusion: "Wet Hot American Summer: Twenty Years Later", the final scene of which will show the gang attending the film premiere of "Wet Hot American Summer".
"Comrade Detective" on Amazon is now reminiscent of a different kind of nostalgia: the Cold War revival of "The Americans", the movie "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW" with its east-versus-west wrestling iconography .
The comedy created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka with Rhys Thomas as director claims to be a found TV series: a Romanian drama from the eighties with the two policemen as friends, two officers from Bucharest who stand for truth, atheism and the Fight the way of Marxism-Leninism.
The main roles - a hard-core Gregor and an idealistic Iosef - are played by Florin Piersic Jr. and Corneliu Ulici, whose dialogues are dubbed in English by Channing Tatum (also an executive producer) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
It's a brilliant idea.
But it's not much more than an idea.
There are some nice gags to watch (police spend the time watching chess on TV like Americans might do with soccer).
And the list of famous speakers - including Jenny Slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali, and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent find the voice game.
But Comrade Detective is so committed to the veracity of a desperate propaganda drama - a murderer wearing a Reagan mask gets involved - that it often plays like one.
Six long episodes drag on and the comedy isn't fast enough or frequent enough.
"Comrade Detective", which was edited to a shorter length, could deliver its agitprop satire better, since Gregor and Iosef keep visiting the American embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men devouring a bunch of hamburgers.
The message to the imagined communist audience is that Western culture can turn anything into fodder for a feast.
The fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: we even do it with our own recent history and theirs.
Strike against drug mafia in the country
The police succeeded in striking the Italian mafia in Baden-Württemberg.
On Wednesday morning, numerous objects were searched in the Schwarzwald-Baar district, in Rottweil, Konstanz, Esslingen and Stuttgart, as the Konstanz public prosecutor announced on Friday.
15 suspects between the ages of 25 and 77 were arrested and arrest warrants have already been issued against them.
The officers also seized large quantities of marijuana and cocaine, firearms and several hundred thousand euros.
Two people were arrested in simultaneous raids in Italy.
There were German arrest warrants against the two suspected Italians.
The two will therefore presumably be extradited to Germany.
Italian and Bavarian investigators were involved in the action.
A total of over 300 police officers were on duty.
The members of the Mafia are accused of organized drug crime, serious acts of violence, attempted murder, as well as robbery and extortion.
The Konstanz public prosecutor's office has been investigating organized drug trafficking in southern Germany since summer 2016.
There was a lively exchange between the public prosecutor's offices in Konstanz and Palermo and the investigators from the Rottweil criminal investigation department had almost daily contact with their colleagues in Sicily.
Therefore, the large-scale operation was also accompanied by four officers from Palermo on Wednesday morning.
The investigations focused primarily on Italian nationals with close ties to the Italian mafia.
An incident on May 27th in Hüfingen, in which several shots were fired into a restaurant early in the morning, could also be attributed to the gang.
Weise laments large gaps in the foreigner register
"Data from citizens who shouldn't appear": According to a report, the register of foreigners in Germany has significant deficiencies.
This leads to sometimes serious wrong decisions in asylum procedures.
According to a media report, the Federal Government's Commissioner for Refugee Management, Frank-Jürgen Weise, drew attention to large gaps in the central register of foreigners.
Deficiencies in the data registered there could lead to "sometimes serious wrong decisions" in asylum procedures and deportations, warned Weise in an analysis available to the "Süddeutsche Zeitung".
According to the information, ten million people with foreign citizenship are recorded in the register, including around 5.7 million from non-EU countries.
The data is accordingly administered by around 600 immigration authorities in Germany.
Because the data has not been adequately maintained, the data quality has so far not been good in parts.
In individual cases, data from 1921 were found, "from people who have long since ceased to be alive, or from citizens who have become German citizens and should no longer appear in the register."
"Incorrect data entry can slow down return processes considerably," the report said.
The statistics on people who are required to leave the country also include EU citizens who do not even have to leave the country.
Such incorrect assignments, however, "led to a distorted debate about how to deal with those required to leave the country," according to the analysis.
In the meantime, the federal government has apparently started to send refugee families with children under the age of 16 back to Italy if they entered from there.
The "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" reports that this comes from an internal paper by the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF).
According to the paper, the BAMF has been carrying out such proceedings "regarding families with children - with the exception of infants and young children - in Italy since June 1, 2017".
Since the end of 2014, this was practically no longer possible, according to the newspaper, referring to the difficult situation on site.
According to the Dublin Agreement, the EU state that they reach first is responsible for refugees.
If a migrant travels on to another EU country, that state can send them back to the country of entry.
As a justification, the office now wrote: "In the meantime, the capacity for families with underage children in Italy has increased significantly".
Italy had given guarantees for the reception and accommodation of families.
Even the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) consider these promises to be sufficient.
Other EU countries would also send refugees back there under the Dublin Agreement.
The domestic political spokeswoman for the left-wing parliamentary group in the Bundestag, Ulla Jelpke, criticized this decision: "Because of the deficiencies in the Italian asylum system, families with children are threatened with reception conditions that violate human rights and the best interests of the child."
Second best result achieved
The blood donation service has already made a total of 220 liters of blood from people living in Oberreichenbach available to other people.
At least from the twelve citizens who were honored on Friday.
First and foremost Jürgen Greule, who with his 100 donations meanwhile shared 50 liters of blood.
Traditionally, the community honors multiple willingness to donate blood at the meeting of the community council.
"It's ingenious how our bodies are designed for this and we pay tribute to the donors who donate their blood for strangers, even more selflessly," emphasized Mayor Karlheinz Kistner.
"A single blood donation helps several people," explained Holger Maisenbacher, the district readiness manager of the German Red Cross (DRK), because the canned food is broken down into its components.
Three people could benefit from a blood donation.
At the same time, Maisenbacher reported on the actions that were being carried out in Oberreichenbach in spring.
"This year we achieved the second best result with 114 donors," said the DRK district readiness manager.
Obviously, the move to the theater a few years ago led to a higher number of participants.
Even before that, Thomas Bockstadt, Susanne Reichle, Sandra Schöck, Thomas Reichle and Meta Umbeer were among the multiple donors and were each recognized for 50 blood donations.
Herbert Mair and Dorothee Riexinger recorded half as many, while Tamara Pfrommer, Petra Schleeh, Stefanie Stoll and Uwe Vetter gave ten times each 500 milliliters of their vital juice.
The Bank of England will keep interest rates at 0.25%
The Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after weak economic growth and slowing inflation dampened speculation about a hike.
The Bank of England has warned that economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it kept interest rates on family income amid mounting pressures.
The bank's Monetary Committee (MPC) policymakers voted 6-2 to keep rates at 0.25%, with fewer members looking to hike this month as weak economic growth weakened support for a hike.
In its quarterly inflation report, the bank cut its growth forecasts for 2017 to 1.7% and for 2018 to 1.6%, warning that pressure on household incomes would continue, with inflation expected to rise to just under 3% in the fall should.
But she signaled that interest rate hikes would be necessary in the next few years to curb Brexit-fueled inflation, and she said the cost of borrowing may have to rise more than expected in the financial markets.
Members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth stimulus package that was issued a year ago after Brexit.
She will be calling for time on the funding plan to provide cheaper funding for banks starting next February, although it has been said it is now expected to provide £ 15 billion more under this system - at £ 115 billion.
Minutes after the decision on the interest rate, the bank said: "In the MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) will remain weak in the short term as the pressure on real household incomes continues to weigh on consumption."
On interest rates, she reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be required to cool inflation and "slightly larger" than what markets expect.
The markets are currently forecasting the first surge in the third quarter of next year and another one in 2020.
However, the bank stressed that increases would be "incremental" and "limited".
The bank's downwardly revised growth forecasts for this year and next compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% forecast in May.
It has maintained its growth forecast at 1.8% in 2018.
The pound fell against the dollar and euro on the news.
The pound fell 0.5% to $ 1.31 and fell 0.4% to 1.11 euros.
The decision to make no change comes after recent disappointing growth figures dampened rising expectations for a rate hike and GDP rose to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.
Growth is expected to be 0.3% in the third quarter, although according to the bank it will recover slightly towards the end of the year.
The latest inflation report showed little excitement for households hit by rising inflation and small wage increases, as the aggravation gets worse first before it gets better.
She added that monetary policy cannot "prevent" the income slump over the next few years, but she added that wages will recover "significantly" by the end of her three-year forecast.
The economy is also being boosted by rising demand for UK goods, due to the weak pound, which will offset some of the lower consumer spending.
The decision comes a year after interest rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shocking EU vote that caused the pound to fall.
The bank estimates that it will likely take four years for this to fully hit prices and the economy.
Prior to the bank's latest rate hike, calls for a rate hike had risen as inflation put pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for a rise to 0.5% in July.
Inflation fell to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the bank said it was expected and will pick up again in the coming months.
The bank said the excess relative to its 2% target was "entirely" attributable to the weak pound.
Andrew Montlake, Director at Coreco Mortgage Brokers said: "With the recent fall in swap rates, the mortgage market should become more competitive as lenders scramble for business and look to end the year on a positive note.
The market is looking particularly good for those who are running out of existing deals and taking out new mortgages, and many with no-fee options and low rates are growing in popularity. "
NHS (The National Health Service) said to be prescribing controversial HIV drug to 10,000 people
Patients will have access to "transformative" HIV prevention treatment starting in September following a battle in the High Court over drug funding in the NHS.
NHS England announced that pre-intercourse prophylaxis (PrEP), which can reduce the risk of infection in high-risk patients by around 86 percent, is now being delivered by the health service through an initial three-year study of an estimated 10,000 people.
He agreed to fund the process after the appeals court upheld a Supreme Court ruling last year that the NHS had authority to pay for the PrEP despite claims that local authorities should fund it.
The move announced on Thursday was hailed as an "important new intervention" by NHS England chief Simon Stevens, while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as a "crucial moment".
Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to allow people to enroll, with more clinics to follow in October before rolling out across England in April 2018.
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a series of HIV supplements taken before sex to reduce the risk of HIV infection.
Studies have shown that PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission in people at risk of infection.
Taking PrEP before intercourse means that there is just enough medication in a person's body to prevent HIV infection.
Such drugs can be taken every day or two hours before sexual intercourse.
Those who are eligible for treatment include gay or bisexual men, transsexuals, and people with HIV-positive partners who have not been successfully treated.
Clinics will identify suitable participants to consent to the study, including men, women, transgender people, and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by antiretroviral treatment.
People who live in England and are registered with a family doctor can also sign up for possible participation at their local participating sex clinic.
The program is £ 10 million and NHS England signed a contract to supply the drugs this week after an international competitive procurement.
The study aims to assess the full potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence of how it is being targeted, ingested and implemented on a large scale.
Stevens said, "This major new intervention should complement and supersede far-reaching and increasingly successful efforts to prevent HIV.
It is another milestone in more than three decades of progress in addressing one of the greatest health challenges facing humanity. "
Deborah Gold, Chief Executive of NAT (National Aids Trust) said: "This is a crucial moment in the fight against HIV.
PrEP, when targeted at people in need and at risk, offers the opportunity to change the UK HIV epidemic.
From September onwards, people at high risk of HIV will have access to this NHS funded trial in England to develop a new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner in order to improve many, many lives leads.
We warmly welcome this announcement. "
Ian Green, chairman of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: "The priority now must be that the study is carried out quickly across the country and that no one at risk for HIV is left behind.
Now that the PrEP test medicine has been procured, we are well on our way to protecting more than 10,000 people living with HIV. "
Sharon Hodgson, Shadow Secretary of Health, said: "The start of the PrEP process is welcome and overdue after months of delays and hesitant government implementation.
The evidence shows how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and can end the transmission of this life-changing infection.
This experiment brings us one step closer to understanding the benefits of PrEP.
Now it is important that this study be carried out across the country as soon as possible to protect those infected with HIV and that it will help move us one step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society come'.
Living the big life: mezzanine floors and clever designer tricks have transformed this small Earls Court apartment into a spacious home
Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for real estate, went from a large Knightsbridge home to an Earls Court apartment in 2014.
It's on the first floor of an elegant Queen Anne terrace - and it's proof of the new design that Joanne didn't pack and sell her bags.
"Before that, I lived in a much larger room with my ex in Knightsbridge," says Joanne.
"I was looking for something that was comparable to my price.
I was shown this apartment in Earls Court and it had the same high ceilings.
I fell in love with her and made an offer that day. "
Since the first viewing, the 1,000 square foot apartment has been completely refurbished.
Originally a one-bedroom property with a nested layout - you had to go through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.
"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
That was my requirement, "she says.
To this end, she hired the architecture and design studio Duck &amp; Shed by Erfan Azadi from Notting Hill to take advantage of the 12.5-foot-high ceilings and create a home that was not only a development but also a place to live for Joanne .
The ceiling wasn't big enough to place two rooms on top of each other, so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine floor to stand on.
Erfan had to think creatively to solve the problem.
"The steel mill is pretty complicated," he explains.
"We had to arrange the rooms so that they were stacked on top of each other without us having to bend over.
It wasn't just a matter of building a simple platform, but of placing the steel in such a way that it was the right height for the function above or below. "
This arrangement made it possible for Erfan to place two rooms full height on top of each other - with a lot of additional drama.
For the mezzanine, a classic copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area.
Mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting set the style for the program.
The use of mirrors plays a role in adding theater, space, and light.
A short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it appear longer.
In the kitchen, the reflection feels like a window into another room.
At the entrance, mirrored units offer space for all of Joanne's cutlery and glasses.
By perceiving a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room can shut off the kitchen when it is not in use.
Collapsible kitchens are nothing new.
The special thing about this is that it is a garage door.
"A bit of engineering went into it," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.
"It's counterbalanced so when you slide the door up it will slide very easily."
Thanks to the clever use of space and storage space, Joanne was able to gain an additional 16 m², an additional bedroom and an improved layout.
"At the end of the day, you will sell the floor space - or how your property is valued," says Erfan.
"In a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will step in and do a calculation based on the size of the land."
Here they have managed to increase the floor area while using high quality materials that give the room its luxurious advantage.
"The materials are the things that you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.
"You don't fall in love with the electrical sockets in the walls.
These are important, but they don't play with your heart. "
It shows that good design and increased square footage can transform an apartment from something standard into something completely amazing.
Indeed, like Joanne, you might choose not to leave this one.
Brothers battle over a $ 500 million real estate empire
Four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty, two brothers find themselves in a dispute over one of Victoria's largest real estate empires, valued at over $ 500 million.
Former Carlton Football Club director and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a villa in Toorak, just three doors from his younger brother Paul. He took him to the Supreme Court to see how their property and business assets should be divided.
Paul has wanted to retire from the family business since 2014, but a sharp argument about the separation takes place in the Supreme Court.
The brothers, along with their mother, Anna, own 38 properties valued at over half a billion dollars since the family bought a business on Smith Street, Collingwood, in 1973.
There the Westco family founded Jeans and grew into a chain of 160 retail stores.
It sold for $ 85 million in 1999.
That money was invested in real estate and De Lutis' portfolio now includes downtown offices, the Brunswick and Sorrento development areas, the Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments and suburban shopping centers.
Under an arrangement with her late father, Colin - described by Paul as "the main operator and dominant figure" in the De Lutis family - owns about two-thirds of the company's assets and Paul about one-third.
A court record says it means Colin owns $ 316 million worth of property and Paul owns $ 176 million worth of property.
The division of real estate and cash has proven to be a problem area for Paul.
"The divisions proposed by Colin left him with what I thought were the best objects," he wrote in an initial affidavit in 2015.
Last Friday, after several failed mediations, the first hearing of the Supreme Court took place.
The brothers are now also fighting for control of the existing business - from which Colin, Paul claims, has excluded him.
Colin argues this is not true, but rather accuses Paul of incompetently managing some properties.
In an early affidavit filed by Colin, he says he hopes to resolve the dispute.
"My Italian heritage dictates that the family is the top priority," he wrote.
Costs are rising in the case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, emails, and reports from companies including Deloitte, Pitcher Partners, and Charter Keck Cramer, and with leading lawyers including Allan Myers, QC, and bilateral law firms.
Ms. De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and deli from the late 1950s and bought a shop in Brunswick in the early 1970s.
They took advantage of the security to purchase the Collingwood property, where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.
Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my last years of high school when Paul was a little kid (around 10 years old)."
Anna De Lutis says that she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to amicably pass their property on to their sons.
"Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to go to court," she wrote.
Two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin claiming that when he left the company, Mark was paid $ 10 million and Luke was paid $ 26 million.
Both Lukas and Mark, says Paul, "have become bitter about the terms of their financial separation".
Colin has held back a lot, despite being a former AFL board member and the television star's best friend according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire.
Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis and their lawyers.
Only Colin replied by text message to say "I really can't say much" because the case was in the courts.
"It is very, very sad that my brother Paul decided to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.
In mid-2016, Colin wrote a letter to the court stating that he had tried to meet his brother's demands.
"Our father would not have wanted Paul and I to end our current argument," he said, adding that he "still hopes for a solution".
On Friday that hope seemed to be over.
"Our matter will be resolved by the courts in the near future," wrote Colin.
Trump's new chief of staff plans to reduce the president's media abstinence.
Others have tried and failed.
Maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.
If so, he will be the first.
Politico reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in hopes of keeping the chief on a more steady course.
Here is a piece by reporter Josh Dawsey:
"When John F. Kelly, the new White House chief of staff, met senior executives on his first day at work, he presented a major problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he wanted to fix: bad information that got into the president's hands .
Kelly told staff that information should flow about him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if he were given good information. "
Kelly's diagnosis makes sense, but others have tried to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.
President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he's in the White House, his television commercials are still going strong.
"When candidate Trump was upset about unfair reporting, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from agencies that could be persuaded," former campaign advisor Sam Nunberg told Politico in February.
Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that your personal media consumption includes steady praise."
OK.
But the idea that Trump's Twitter habit was ever "under control" is ridiculous.
Perhaps these campaign officials know something that the rest of us do not - that without their intervention, Trump's tweets would have been even more explosive.
We'll likely never learn about the tweets that Trump didn't send.
If his co-workers have managed to keep him out of trouble a few times, then their efforts have paid off.
But nobody has been able to consistently prevent Trump from causing controversy.
Part of the problem is that in a White House made up of competing parties, people keep trying to move their own agenda forward by showing Trump material that may promote their views of the world.
Politico - fully occupied with this story - reported in May on the advisors' fondness for providing the president with dubious information for strategic reasons.
This was an example described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:
"Current and former Trump officials say Trump can react like a volcano to negative press clippings, especially those with damaging leaks, and that he is preoccupied with figuring out where they came from.
That is exactly what happened in late February when someone maliciously gave the President a printed copy of an article from GotNews.com, the website of Internet provocative Charles C. Johnson, accusing Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walsh of "being the source behind a bunch." of leaks "being in the White House.
Although Johnson has been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment or that he did not offer specific evidence or that he has made false allegations in the past and retracted them.
Trump read the article and started interviewing employees about Walsh. "
Goldmacher added that then-Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and White House Secretary-General Rob Porter "tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork Trump receives".
How did that work?
Kelly tries to do the same three months later.
Perhaps he will prove himself to be a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his advisors are still seeking influence.
These immutable factors make Kelly's mission very difficult.
Most wanted criminals receive mail from Europol
Since the address is unknown, the help of the population is requested and hoped for.
The police across Europe are sending (virtual) postcards to dangerous criminals on the run this summer.
Since the addresses of the wanted criminals are naturally not known, information from the population is expected and requested.
Europol reported on Friday about the action that followed the winter's "EU Most Wanted" calendar.
Experience has shown that many fugitives are hiding at holiday destinations, it said on the part of Europol.
21 postcards have been put together for wanted criminals from 21 EU countries.
The website www.eumostwanted has been around since 2016 and has been viewed more than 2.5 million times.
36 of those wanted online have been arrested so far, at least eleven of them based on information after the publication on the website.
Travelers negotiate a ditch and return to 'millionaire series'
Some of the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners are again at war with a few determined travelers who negotiated a community ditch to reclaim a field in front of their mansions.
The travelers have parked their 20 caravans in a field outside an affluent street in Solihull called the "Millionaires Row".
They have brought horses, babies, and an army of vans after they were not thrown out until May, but without being deterred by a ditch dug by the council to prevent their incursions.
The tactful group found a gap in the defenses and pushed their vehicles through a section that was unobstructed to find a way.
Angry residents have harassed the Solihull council, which said it was "useless to deal with the problem".
One anonymous resident said: "They moved there Monday night after being sent on from Bentley Heath where they threw stones at passers-by.
The Council must be compelled to act by shame, as it was useless in dealing with the problem.
The travelers were there in May, moved on and are now back.
More arrived last night, probably more today. "
She added, "The Birmingham Council knows how to deal with this by giving lengthy briefings to protect their parks.
I live on Streetsbrook Road and I'm not happy to keep paying my council tax if the council can't even stop it. "
One resident, who refused to be named, said: "It's ridiculous, we've just seen the last round of these travelers only to be pillaged by another round.
The numbers have increased this time and you have even seen a horse in the park area. "
A Solihull Council spokeswoman said: "We are aware of an unauthorized camp in the countryside across Streetsbrook Road and are working with the Solihulls Police Department. We are taking the necessary legal action to get them moving as soon as possible.
To support our evidence gathering, it is very important that as many residents as possible report anti-social or criminal behavior to the police by calling 101.
This helps create a picture of the situation in which the court needs to consider when we will bring our case. "
Birkenhof becomes Waldhotel Luise
The former Hotel Birkenhof becomes the Waldhotel Luise.
The house on the outskirts of Freudenstadt is currently being renovated and is due to reopen on March 1st next year.
This is good news for the city.
Because with the closure of the Hotel Birkenhof by what was then Ambiente Betriebsgesellschaft mbH on April 13, 2014, around 30,000 overnight stays per year were lost, along with income from the visitor's tax.
In the autumn of 2014, in view of the dramatic increase in the number of refugees who came to the district, the hotel building was offered to the district administration as collective accommodation, which sparked controversial discussions.
The city prevented the accommodation of asylum seekers by drawing up a development plan to secure the area as a hotel location.
The decision was not undisputed in the local council at the time.
Above all, however, Freudenstadt's Lord Mayor Julian Osswald defended the hotel location and even then spoke of serious prospects for the hotel.
He should be right.
The Luisenhotels group with managing director Birgit Scherer, based in Bad Bergzabern, acquired the former Hotel Birkenhof at a voluntary auction in Berlin and wants to turn it back into a three-star plus category under the name Waldhotel Luise.
The group has four houses with the Freudenstadt property.
Two of them in Bad Bergzabern and one in Bad Herrenalb.
They are called Hotel Luise, Luisenpark, Parkhotel Luise and now Waldhotel Luise.
At the former Hotel Birkenhof, construction waste containers have been standing in front of the entrance for a long time, and when you enter the house, it becomes clear what extensive renovation work is being carried out.
The floors were torn out, ceilings partially dismantled, old bathtubs removed from the rooms.
The entire hotel building is a single construction site.
There is still a lot to do until March.
"It's actually a nice hotel," said Thomas Scherer in an interview with our newspaper.
Everything should be renewed in the Black Forest style.
The rooms will be equipped with large walk-in showers, the entrance area will be redesigned and new windows will be installed.
Everything should later be "close to the people", as Thomas Scherer puts it.
"We want to make a piece of jewelry out of it."
Swimming pool, wellness area and a conference room are part of the facilities.
Scherer emphasizes that one does not want to position oneself at the high level of the hotels in Lauterbad, but at an upscale downtown level.
The Waldhotel Luise with its around 60 rooms wants to position itself broadly, explains Scherer.
Individual vacationers, groups or business people should feel comfortable in the hotel.
He has already had discussions with Mayor Julian Osswald and Tourism Director Michael Krause, said Scherer.
The ideas of the city are congruent with those of the hotel group.
"We're on the same line."
When asked about the level of investment, Thomas Scherer does not want to be precise.
He calculates just under a million euros.
The outdoor facilities are also being brought into shape, which is already clearly visible.
A large terrace will be created in an inner courtyard, which will be accessible from the restaurant, which is public.
Thomas Scherer is optimistic: "Freudenstadt is a good market".
Russia affair: US special investigator appoints grand jury
According to a report, special investigator Robert Mueller is said to have set up a so-called grand jury in the Russia affair surrounding US President Donald Trump.
The panel has started work in the past few weeks, wrote the "Wall Street Journal", citing people familiar with the matter.
The newspaper interpreted the move as a sign that Mueller had expanded and intensified his investigations.
The broadcaster CNN reported that the panel had already issued its first summons in connection with a meeting between Trump's eldest son and a Russian lawyer.
US intelligence services have long accused the Kremlin of deliberately interfering in the 2016 presidential election campaign.
Mueller is investigating whether there were any agreements between Trump's campaign team and Moscow.
The investigation should focus on several men who acted as advisers to the Republican during the election campaign.
Mueller also reportedly scrutinized Trump's personal and business environment more and more.
The "Washington Post" wrote a few weeks ago that the special investigator had put Trump personally at the center and was investigating whether the president might have obstructed the judiciary in the course of the affair.
The main role of grand juries is to examine the evidence in potential crime cases and to decide whether to bring charges.
Grand juries are therefore also called indictment chambers.
Most of the time they are turned on when it comes to larger and controversial cases.
The procedure always takes place behind closed doors.
The public prosecutor's office can also call on the board to summon people for questioning under oath.
According to CNN, summons have already been issued that revolve around the encounter between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer.
People who were involved in the meeting were asked to testify, the report said.
They should also provide documents.
In addition to Trump Jr., Trump's advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as his campaign manager at the time, Paul Manafort, were present at the conversation.
Legal experts said on US television Thursday evening that the installation showed that Mueller was not intimidated in his work and that he would act quickly if necessary.
However, it does not necessarily mean that the grand jury will be involved in the end to decide whether to bring an indictment.
Still, the establishment of the panel is the beginning of a new phase in the investigation and a new cause for concern for President Trump.
In the midst of the new revelations, the president used a speech in West Virginia on Thursday evening to portray the Russia affair as a campaign by his political opponents.
"The Russia story is a total invention," said Trump.
The issue gives the Democrats an opportunity "to feel good because they have nothing else to talk about".
His special adviser, Ty Cobb, said in a statement that he was unaware of the establishment of a grand jury.
But this also usually works in secret, he emphasized.
The White House advocates any measures that accelerate the work of the special investigator in a "fair" way.
Former FBI chief James Comey said three times that the president would not be investigated.
The statement went on to say that there is no reason to assume that anything has changed in this regard.
Mueller was only used after Trump fired Comey.
Because of this expulsion, accusations against Trump had been loud that he wanted to obstruct the judiciary.
Comey testified before a Senate committee in June that Trump had asked him to stop the investigation against then national security adviser Michael Flynn.
The president is under a lot of pressure about the investigation.
According to the US media, the White House collected material against the special investigator and his staff.
That sparked speculation about whether Trump wanted to fire Mueller.
Unlike an independent congressional special investigator such as the Watergate affair of later resigned President Richard Nixon, Mueller has a position in which he could theoretically be fired from the Justice Department at the urging of the President.
Several senators from both parties want to prevent such a step.
Two groups of Republican and Democratic senators presented bills on Thursday that would make the special investigator more difficult to dismiss.
Antarctica: Gigantic iceberg is floating in the Antarctic
In West Antarctica, a gigantic iceberg almost seven times the size of Berlin has detached itself from the ice shelf.
The Bremerhaven-based Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research announced on Wednesday.
The giant, weighing over a trillion tons and measuring 5,800 square kilometers, is now drifting north and will probably need two or three years to melt.
With a length of 175 kilometers and a width of up to 50 kilometers, it is one of the largest ice giants that researchers have recorded over the past three decades.
It does not pose a threat to people.
To what extent climate change played a role in breaking the iceberg is unclear, according to researchers.
Overall, however, there has been a series of unusual collapses of ice shelves in the region for around 30 years, writes the US Research Center for Snow and Ice (NSIDC) in a factual background.
In the opinion of many researchers, this could be related to global warming.
The now demolished colossus was previously part of the Larsen C Ice Shelf.
Ice shelf floats on the sea and is fed by large glaciers.
It grows further and further into the sea and breaks off regularly.
The Larsen C Ice Shelf is located south of South America, almost at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
To the north of this ice shelf, the balance between growth and breaking was disturbed a few years ago.
A complete ice shelf had disintegrated there, writes AWI researcher Daniela Jansen.
There is some evidence that the Larsen C Ice Shelf is also in danger, because the leading edge has never retreated as far as it is now.
In addition, the ice sheet is under tension and could disintegrate if a piece breaks off at a key point.
The melting of the ice shelf and iceberg does not raise sea levels because they float on the water and ice displaces as much water as it will produce after melting.
However, the loss of the ice shelf means that the glaciers flow directly into the sea and can drain away much faster than before.
That could possibly raise the sea level, but only to a small extent, writes the British research project for observing the Antarctic (Midas).
According to the AWI, the Larsen C Ice Shelf is the fourth largest ice shelf in Antarctica with almost 50,000 square kilometers.
It is up to 700 meters thick at the transition from the mainland and around 200 meters at the leading edge to the open ocean.
There it breaks off regularly.
"Although it is a natural occurrence and we are not aware of any direct link to climate change, the ice sheet is now in a more vulnerable position," said Martin O'Leary of Swansea University, UK.
"This is the furthest withdrawal since records began," he confirmed.
Scientists disagree about whether the Larsen C Ice Shelf will grow again in the long term or whether it will decline in the long term and possibly collapse, said his colleague Adrian Luckman, adding: "Our models say it will be less stable".
But this development will take decades.
Even if these researchers do not attribute the demolition of this gigantic iceberg to climate change, many ice shelves on the Antarctic Peninsula have disintegrated in the past few decades.
This long tip of Antarctica extends towards South America.
According to data from the British Antarctic Survey research program, the ice surface of the Antarctic Peninsula has shrunk by 28,000 square kilometers since the 1950s.
The rise in temperature contributed to the decline.
The Antarctic Peninsula has warmed by around three degrees over the past 50 years, making it one of the areas where the temperature is rising the fastest.
CDU wants house tariff for staff
Because it is becoming more and more difficult to fill vacancies, the CDU is demanding that the employers' association be withdrawn in order to become more attractive.
Just before the summer break, the district council waved through 41 new positions in the administration.
More than 1100 employees and civil servants work for the district administration in Mettmann.
Now another 17 trainees have their first day of work behind them.
Apparently, the apprenticeships at the district are very popular.
Around 620 applications were received for the places to be allocated this year.
Nevertheless, the group still lacks staff to be able to cope with the increased requirements and tasks.
There are currently 50 vacant positions at the Mettmann district.
We are looking for doctors and engineers as well as general administrative staff.
The CDU would like to take the initiative in the district council together with the FDP and the UWG and counter the shortage of skilled workers in the administration.
According to the wishes of the parties, the administration should "develop a concept for personnel recruitment and personnel development".
The aim is not only to meet short-term needs for skilled workers, but also to counteract the shortage of applicants in a future-oriented manner.
The overall concept should be internal and external, show concrete measures for career changers and include a training offensive, demand the CDU, FDP and UWG.
That sounds like a good approach.
Because the circle has to do with personnel problems that were previously unknown.
Other cities recruit good civil servants and employees and offer more attractive conditions.
We are talking about a real "competition between public employers".
In addition, there is a large number of employees who leave the service due to illness or age.
So it is high time to act, so that no more vacancies remain vacant.
But Klaus-Dieter Völker, parliamentary group leader of the CDU, goes with his party even beyond the joint proposal.
He recently caused a big surprise in the district council when he publicly questioned the personnel cost cap and astonished the other parties.
Völker would like all possibilities to be examined that allow an exit from the municipal employers' association.
"If we do not come to a satisfactory solution here in the short term, the district administration should work with the unions - perhaps in cooperation with the cities belonging to the district - to set up a house tariff," said Völker.
In doing so, the CDU is trying to pay employees and civil servants better than the tariff regulations for the public service actually provide.
Salaries are currently stipulated exactly, increases or more money are only available if you change to a higher level, which is based on years of professional life.
But the tasks of the district have grown more and more in recent years.
Only a few weeks ago new rooms had to be set up in which employees can take care of the provisions of the new prostitute protection law.
Not least because of the increasing number of asylum seekers, District Administrator Thomas Hendele and District Director Martin Richter have a problem: They have too few staff.
Italy tightens the tone on NGO migrant lifeboats
Italy has warned NGOs that use lifeboats for migrants in the Mediterranean that they cannot continue doing so unless they adhere to new rules for their operations.
"If NGOs do not sign a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue to work," said Interior Minister Marco Minniti in an interview with the Turin daily La Stampa.
Minniti's warning came a day after Italian authorities confiscated a boat belonging to the German aid organization Jugend Rettet because its crew had worked effectively with human traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.
The aid organization, which has only been in operation for a year, declined to comment on detailed allegations made by Italian prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.
"For us, saving human life is and will remain our top priority. So we are very sorry that we cannot operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organization said in a statement on social media.
"We cannot assess any allegations that are currently being made until we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."
The Italian authorities had been monitoring the 'Jugend Rettet' boat, the Iuventa, since October.
Its crew is believed to be taking on board migrant rubber dinghies delivered directly to them by human traffickers, and that the smugglers can leave so the ships can be used again.
At least one such encounter allegedly took place just 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the content of which was published by Italian media.
The crew are suspected of disregarding the authority of the Italian Coast Guard to oversee rescue operations in the area for humanitarian reasons and not for any other motive.
Under the code of conduct, boats like the Iuventa must above all have an Italian police officer on board to monitor their activities.
Only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to adhere to the code: Save the Children, MOAS from Malta and Pro-Activa Open Arms from Spain.
The latter said Thursday that the new rules were seen as unnecessary but acceptable as they would not "significantly change or obstruct" their bailouts.
Among those who refuse to sign up is the Nobel Laureate Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
Minniti meanwhile said the number of migrants arriving in Italy after the rescue operations had plummeted in recent weeks, suggesting efforts to strengthen the Libyan coast guard and work with local mayors have borne fruit.
"In the last few days we have started to see light at the end of the tunnel," said the minister.
He announced plans for further talks with Libyan mayors this month on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving these countries in the hope of reaching Europe.
Climbs and trials
Nine bikers from Weilermer, the "Berlin outpost" and two guest riders met in Wachenheim in the North Palatinate to enjoy four days of trials and sights.
Three friendly guides were available for this.
The accommodation in the Wachenheim Valley turned out to be a good starting point for the tours.
The castle and wine festival in Wachenheim was a welcome extra.
The first tour led in hot summer temperatures along the vineyards to the Michaelskapelle above Deidesheim.
Lookout points followed, some on towers, from which one could see far over the Palatinate Forest and the plains in front of it.
In between there were always longer climbs, for which long trials rewarded.
On the second day we went to Bad Dürkheim to see the saltworks and the sausage market.
Again viewpoint after viewpoint, connected by "flowing" trials and moderate climbs.
On the last two days, many meters in altitude were announced again.
Caves, rocks, towers, castles, ruins and retreat huts brought welcome breaks.
In Bad Dürkheim, the bikers breathed in healing brine in the open-air inhalatorium.
Neustadt was also approached.
After 173 kilometers and almost 4500 meters of altitude, the group got to know the Palatinate Forest from its best side - sporty and culturally.
Console instead of lawn - Bundesliga is gearing up for e-sports
Will the sports stars sit in front of computer consoles in the future instead of fighting their way over the stadium lawn in wind and weather?
The fact is: e-sports has long since become a serious industry, a lucrative business - including big stars, millions of fans and huge tournaments with high salaries.
The first Bundesliga clubs, which are increasingly involved in this area, have recognized this.
It all started with VfL Wolfsburg in 2015, followed by FC Schalke 04 and most recently VfB Stuttgart, which founded an esports department in mid-July and signed two professionals for the computer game FIFA 17.
"We hope to inspire completely new young target groups for VfB", says board member Jochen Röttgermann.
He is certain "that a number of clubs will be promoted to this train".
This coming weekend, the world football association FIFA is organizing the first "Interactive Club World Cup" in London, in which gamers from different clubs compete against each other.
In addition to Schalke and Wolfsburg, Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain and PSV Eindhoven have also qualified.
Robin Dutt also sees great potential in esports.
The former coach of Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen is now advising an agency for virtual soccer players.
"Real football has to deal with 14 to 30-year-olds in particular, so that young people will still go to the stadium in the future," says the 52-year-old.
And: The clubs tried to conquer all possible markets, especially the Asian ones.
With prominent e-athletes under contract, one could be present in these markets far more often online than just sending the Bundesliga team to Asia once a year.
What exactly is it about?
In e-sports, computer games such as "League Of Legends", "Dota 2", "Counterstrike" or the soccer simulation FIFA are fought out on a competitive level.
As in normal sport, leagues in which professionals compete against each other have long been established.
And at the Asian Games 2022, esports is already part of the official program.
But is it actually a real sport?
For many, the idea takes getting used to.
Ingo Froböse also grappled with the question for a long time.
For the professor at the German Sport University in Cologne, e-sport is a sport because it is competitive and shows many biological and physical reactions that you also find in classic sport - for example increased heart rates, stress reactions, hormonal changes.
You also need cognitive skills, a technical and tactical understanding and quick reactions.
Professional gamers should not only train their bodies on the console, but also pay attention to their diet.
"The fit player is a good player."
But Froböse also sees problems: "Doping is becoming more and more an issue".
Controls are difficult to carry out in online games, and the structures of classic sport are missing in the scene.
The scientist positively emphasizes the high integrative effect of esports.
The players are international, it's like a big global family, there are no intercultural barriers.
A study by the management consultancy Deloitte and the Federal Association of Interactive Entertainment Software (BIU) predicts that esports will grow rapidly.
In 2016, 50 million euros were turned over in Germany, mainly through advertising, sponsorship and major tournaments.
In three years sales should be 130 million.
That is little compared to the almost 2.4 billion euros in the Bundesliga.
However, e-sports "are no longer far removed from other established sports such as handball, basketball or ice hockey," write the Deloitte consultants.
Many countries are already further internationally.
Big markets are Asia and the USA, where ex-basketball player Shaquille O'Neal and baseball star Alex Rodriguez participate in the US team NRG eSports.
Hollywood actor Ashton Kutcher invests in eSports betting company Unikrn.
A lot is happening in Europe too.
E-sports has been introduced as a subject in a Norwegian school, says Froböse.
In the Netherlands and France, the top division football clubs are now obliged to set up an esports department, according to Dutt.
"In a European comparison, Germany lags behind", explains VfB board member Röttgermann.
Just falling into nostalgia and glorifying the old days is no longer enough today.
It is about preserving the tradition of the association, but at the same time aligning the company to the modern market.
"We live in a digitized world," says Dutt.
"You can't hold on to the fact that only with football everything stays as it always was."
Goodbye to poison eggs - the egg alternatives for cooking and baking
Almost all federal states are now affected by the scandal surrounding poisonous eggs.
Aldi Süd and Aldi Nord have reacted and removed all eggs from sales across Germany.
Only eggs that have been proven to contain no fipronil should be put on the shelves.
Michelle Carter convicted of texts driving Conrad Roy to commit suicide
A Massachusetts woman was sentenced to two and a half years for texting and calling her boyfriend to encourage suicide.
Michelle Carter, now 20, will be sentenced to 15 months behind bars and five years suspended.
Carter was convicted in June of the negligent homicide of Conrad Roy, who committed suicide on July 13, 2014.
Roy's father said at the hearing on Thursday: "My family is heartbroken.
My son was my best friend. "
Carter was allowed to remain vacant pending appeal.
She had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal representatives argued that both she and Mr. Roy suffered from a mental illness.
Clad in red pants and a cream blouse, Carter stood with tears in his eyes, hands clasped and eyes downward as she was convicted.
"Your actions killed Conrad Roy," the prosecutor told the court.
"She ended his life to make her own better.
She took no responsibility, "she said.
"She showed no remorse".
But Carter's attorney said it was "a terrible circumstance that she utterly regretted."
However, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he had not found that their "age, maturity, or even mental illness significantly affected their actions."
A prosecutor read a statement from Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, that said that "there is not a day that I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.
I want him to be proud of me and how I handle everything. I try to be there for his sisters in spite of all my pain that we will carry with us for eternity, "it says.
Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realization that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.
"Not having that one person who I've been with every day since I was born is a pain I'll keep with me for the rest of my life," she said.
The case seems to set a legal precedent as there is no law in Massachusetts that makes it a crime to ask someone else to commit suicide.
Carter was 17 years old when Roy was found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.
The case attracted national attention after Carter's text communications revealed that she had encouraged him to end his life.
"Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself, I don't know, there are many ways," she said in several messages she sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on vacation with his family .
In the moments before his suicide, she wrote, "You have to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn on the generator and you will be free and happy."
Judge Moniz said Carter sought attention through Roy's death and ordered that she benefit from the case through some press.
The case divided legal opinion.
Among the few who defended Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of the murder of her British roommate in Italy in 2007 before being acquitted two years ago.
Ms. Knox, 30, published a comment in the Los Angeles Times: "Michelle Carter deserves compassion and help, not prison."
Joshua Kimmich: Learning from FC Bayern's new mini-lame
It is no coincidence that Joshua Kimmich was allowed to be the captain of the Audi Cup.
FC Bayern trust the Confederation Cup winner to have a great season - extra motivation doesn't hurt.
Something was different in his place in the cabin, Joshua Kimmich saw that immediately, even if the additional item of clothing was very, very small.
But since there was of course no Philipp Lahm and no Manuel Neuer to be seen on the second day of the Audi Cup, he put the bandage on his arm.
"The coach didn't announce it," said the Confederation Cup winner afterwards, after his first appearance as Bayern captain.
Well, the debut could have gone better than the 2-0 draw against SSC Napoli.
But Kimmich could also interpret the sign from the coach.
It was not Arturo Vidal, who was eight years older than him, who was chosen as captain of the C-Elf, which consisted of youth players, debutants and professionals who had just come back from vacation.
One likes to distribute sweets to those who you trust a lot, who you want to keep happy.
So whoever has been chosen to take over the legacy of Lahm can only use a little extra motivation.
Kimmich confirmed: "That's what you want as a player: take responsibility".
On Wednesday, the 22-year-old flitted across the field as a mini-lame.
Right back, that's his position now, the white bandage on his arm did the rest.
And in general, in this starting lineup, Kimmich looked like the one who can take the helm the best.
He gave instructions, tried to direct the uninitiated troop.
He saw the big picture while many others were busy with themselves.
Vidal by covering up his lack of fitness (hardly worked); Renato Sanches with the devil to tie in with the achievements of the Asia trip (also only worked to a limited extent); and Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Süle so as not to attract negative attention in their first appearance in the Bayern jersey.
At least that worked out quite well.
Süle ran next to Kimmich, Rudy in front of the defense, both acted confidently.
The well-known Napoli storm often found it difficult, and Süle also tried a few times successfully in building up the game.
His colleague Rudy admitted that the result "was not what we had hoped for".
But he also showed a decent performance on his debut.
Game shift, change of pace: "I was brought in for this style".
How unfamiliar this Bayern world is for the newcomers was evident after the game.
Rudy, for example, gave not one or two interviews in the catacombs, but probably six or seven.
Kimmich said goodbye to his new teammates after a couple of crisp statements.
There he heard an interesting sentence from Süle: "I've already noticed what's going on here.
At Bayern you just have to win every game ".
After all, he no longer has to teach the newcomers that.
Alaba motivates ÖFB women
David Alaba believes in the success of our ÖFB women
Austria's best-known footballer reported on Twitter shortly before the game and wished the ÖFB women all the best.
The Bayern legionnaire is practically a club colleague of ÖFB captain Schnaderbeck and cheers for our ladies.
The tweet from the Austrian footballer of the year and Champions League winner should be a special boost of motivation.
Our ladies could also use the famous Bayern dudgeon.
Companies satisfied with Rhineland-Palatinate Minister: Business praises Wissing's speed
The relationship between the state and the regional economy was often irreconcilable when Eveline Lemke (Greens) was still the Minister for Economic Affairs of Rhineland-Palatinate.
This can be seen after more than a year in which the new Minister of Economics Volker Wissing (FDP) is in office.
When asked by T V, chambers and companies from the region speak of a change in economic policy - and at the same time criticize the old minister.
Frank Natus, chairman of the Trier Companies Association (VTU), says: "Wissing is taking up the wishes of the economy, all of which Lemke has blocked".
Natus sees the biggest U-turn in infrastructure policy: closing the gap on Autobahn 1 between Kelberg and Adenau is now at the top of the state's list of priorities.
The ministry is hoping for a plan approval procedure before the end of this year, and building rights should be in place by 2021.
The Trier western bypass also plays a role in the state's plans and is an urgent requirement of the federal transport route plan.
The aim is to put the route into operation in December 2020, says ministry spokeswoman Cornelia Holtmann.
Natus sees this as a guide to support regional but internationally competitive companies.
As suggested by Wissing, the Trier Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK) is striving for a Rhineland-Palatinate label for wine in order to increase sales in supermarkets and to stop the trend in German wine exports, which have been falling for ten years.
In addition, Wissing has an open ear for people who want to start their own company, praises the IHK.
The Trier Chamber of Crafts sees the new master craftsman bonus as an additional incentive for young trainees, says Managing Director Matthias Schwalbach.
A bonus of 1000 euros is provided for the master craftsman's examination passed and 2500 euros if graduates start their own business within ten years of training.
The homework list for the country remains long.
With the planned road construction, facts can be created quickly, at the same time the state lacks the necessary personnel, says Jan Glockauer, General Manager of the IHK Trier.
Of the 56 new engineers that Wissing intends to hire at the State Mobility Office, only 29 positions have been filled so far.
The IHK calls for more orders to be placed with external offices.
CDU parliamentary group vice-Christian Baldauf refers to the calculations of the Court of Auditors that the state is investing more than 20 million euros less in 2017 and 2018 in maintaining state roads than proposed.
Frank Natus is also expecting a concept from the country on how it wants to remedy the shortage of skilled workers in the region.
The previous broadband expansion in the country is also sobering.
In 2016, regional companies rated their network supply in an IHK survey with a grade of 3.4.
They complained about slow internet connections and crashes.
Ex-Economics Minister Eveline Lemke, on the other hand, is currently out of politics and still sits on the supervisory board of the wind power company Pro Wind.
The Greens parliamentary group left Lemke in April to become president of a private university in Karlsruhe - where they left the field after four months due to disagreements.
Audi to change 850,000 diesel vehicles - automakers are faced with a backlash
A day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to update the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.
The BMW chairman said the company believes "there are smarter options than driving restrictions," referring to European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - banning or restricting diesel vehicles.
Daimler announced on Tuesday that it would modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce its diesel emissions.
None of the companies described the ventures as a recall.
European automakers have heavily encouraged the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help comply with rules on carbon dioxide emissions.
But the nitrogen oxides that diesel engines emit are considered carcinogens and can cause asthma.
The cost for car manufacturers to install equipment to neutralize the exhaust gases emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of the cars competitive.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has also been charged with pampering the powerful auto companies and ignoring signs of the problem.
The companies are trying to avoid Volkswagen's mistake of using so-called shutdown devices that could regulate emissions in order to comply with regulations when a car was tested but back down in normal driving conditions.
Several Volkswagen employees have been charged in the United States and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
Last month, the former head of thermodynamics in engine development at Audi in Germany was arrested.
Former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian and as such is not protected from extradition and could face trial in the United States.
Earlier this year, Audi became involved in a German criminal investigation at Volkswagen after authorities accused Audi of installing a system to circumvent emissions regulations in Europe, and an inquiry that focused on the United States was expanded.
The inclusion of Audi in the investigation could weigh heavily on Volkswagen: The luxury automobile manufacturer makes a disproportionately large contribution to Volkswagen's profits.
The raft has this message on Saturday on the Isar
The city wants to protect the Isar.
So that visitors to the Isar can also take part, tomorrow, Saturday, there will be a raft through Munich that has a special message.
If you are drawn to the Isar again on Saturday, you will see a large raft there between Flaucher and Reichenbachbrücke.
And this is not a common raft with Isar tourists.
But the building department wants to clarify.
You can see a large information banner on the raft.
It shows a mountain of rubbish.
The start of a publicity campaign to appeal to visitors to the Isar.
With the motto "True love is ..." the understanding of the Isar as a wild river worth protecting is to be sharpened.
The raft crossed the Isar already last summer and this year there are further actions and measures to achieve considerate and environmentally conscious behavior.
Mordillo's bulbous noses and laughter against suffering
Mordillo was at times one of the most published cartoon artists, the bulbous noses of his characters are his trademark.
Even at 85, the Argentine is still drawing and working on a film.
His message: laughter, "because there is too much suffering in the world".
Guillermo Mordillo was born in Buenos Aires on August 4, 1932, the son of Spanish immigrants.
In his first years as an artist he made his way as a draftsman for greeting cards - which frustrated him.
"The happiest day of my professional life was the day when I lost my job," he once said.
After working in Lima, New York and Paris, he achieved his breakthrough at the end of the 1960s: with the publication of his cartoons in "Paris Match" and then in "Stern" and other leading magazines around the world.
Mordillo even found many fans in China.
Time and again, the artist was inspired by cities.
Large, rounded Mordillo figures cavort in drawings with the Leaning Tower of Pisa, Big Ben in London and Red Square in Moscow.
According to his own statements, he still sits at the drawing table early in the morning and works almost ten hours a day.
Calendars, puzzles, books for young and old, T-shirts, plush toys and clocks continue to spread his funny characters around the world.
For six years he has also been working on a cartoon and a TV series with his characters.
The main character in the movie "Crazy Island" is a giraffe - Mordillo's most popular animal in his drawings - who has a millipede as an opponent.
His characters speak for the first time in the 3D film that is slated to hit the big screens in 2019.
"I'm not sure what they're going to say, it's strange to me," says Mordillo.
The script is not written by him.
That is why he prefers the TV series, which, like his original drawings, is produced wordlessly.
Lavender from Provence threatened by climate change
It has become a symbol of Provence in the south of France, but there is a warning that it is threatened by climate change.
Lavender is declining because of drought-like conditions and disease-transmitting insects, which is a major headache for scientists and farmers trying to find solutions.
Eric Chaisse, expert at the agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM in Provence, said: "The lavender in Provence is effectively at risk because the plant has been exposed to the effects of climate change in recent years, which has brought much less rain in spring and much more in autumn .
This has an impact on the lifespan of lavender.
There is also a tiny cicada, a microbacterium that transmits dwarf leafhoppers, and in very dry weather there are plenty of them. "
And there is a lot at stake.
Lavender oil not only attracts holidaymakers, it is also in great demand for perfumes and cosmetics.
Eric Chaisse said, "Instead of having very long plant ears with a large number of flowers, we have smaller, underdeveloped, and either missing or weakened ones.
So we have fewer parts with essential oil. "
Solutions under consideration include better water distribution and slowing evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mixture of clay and water and developing varieties that are more drought-resistant.
The town of Geisa in the Thuringian Rhön is celebrating its 1200th anniversary this year.
The highlight is this Saturday and Sunday with a medieval festival.
Shopkeepers, guilds, traders, vagabonds or a mercenary camp should be experienced in the city center on these days.
The murder of a journalist underscores the growing threat in Mexico
Staff at the weekly Riodoce usually meet on Wednesdays to review their plans to cover the recent chaos in Sinaloa state from organized crime, corrupt officials and perpetual drug wars.
But that day, overshadowed by their own tragedy, they came together to talk about safety.
They have been told that it is important to change their routines.
Two high-ranking journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children, who were the target of a grenade attack in 2009, to the office, or to leave them at home.
Security experts wrote three words on a board at the front of the room: opponents, neutrals, allies.
They ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.
There are drug smugglers, politicians, business people, journalists who are suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalog of criminals who make the chaos of Mexico dangerous.
There is no respite from the violence, and as bodies pile up across the country, journalists have increased in number: at least 25 since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012. 589 are under federal protection after attacks and threats and so far this year there have been at least seven deaths in seven states.
Among the latter is its editor and its inspirer of Riodoce, the co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.
"The biggest mistake is living and being a journalist in Mexico," wrote Valdez in one of his many books on drug-related violence.
His absence is deeply felt, although his presence is everywhere - a large photo of Valdez showing his middle finger with the word "Justice" hangs on the facade of the Riodoce building. Two reporters in their thirties, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts that show his smiling face with glasses or his signature Panama hat.
The workshop takes place less than two months after his death, and the reporters discuss their shared topics, the trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
Although a special federal prosecutor's office was set up in 2010 to deal with journalists' cases, it has only initiated two criminal proceedings, according to the Committee for the Protection of Journalists.
As with most of the thousands of murders associated with drug trafficking and organized crime each year, journalists rarely bring the killers to justice.
At Riodoce, they still insist on addressing the Sinaloa violence, though inconsolable and though the terrain is now even more treacherous.
Without information about the killers, without justice, the meeting is of little use to discuss security, says Ibarra.
"It is very stupid to waste my time in this workshop," he says.
"As long as we don't know why, we distrust everyone."
On the morning of May 15, Valdez left the office of the Riodoce newspaper in the state capital of Culiacan.
He only managed to drive a few blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men. He was forced out of his car and shot 12 times, presumably because of the newspaper's name - which translates as "Twelfth River".
The gunman drove away in his car and damaged it nearby.
Valdez was 50 years old.
He left a wife and two grown children.
Rumors tend to fly around freely in Culiacan.
But there is practically nothing but silence on Valdez.
Since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa had become one of the bloodiest battlefields in the country as rival factions fight here to fill the vacuum.
It doesn't matter that someone or more people are shot in the street every day in Sinaloa, or that the cemetery is full of ornate two-story mausoleums for drug kings larger than many houses for the living.
Forget for a minute that there is a "calm" state when only a cartel is in control of the coastal state with its precious ports and drug trafficking routes into the United States.
Even so, and despite the fact that Valdez was aware of the dangers of his job, Ismail Bojorquez, 60, a co-founder and director of Riodoce, broke down with the guilt that he could not protect his friend.
He believes two misunderstandings contributed to the murder.
First, in February there was the publication of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions in the war with Guzman's sons.
This publication may have annoyed the sons, suspected gang members bought every copy of the edition as soon as it was delivered to newsstands.
The second mistake was not forcing Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the seizure of another newspaper that had published the same story.
Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is viewed as a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.
He had survived for so long that his friends and colleagues assumed he would always be there.
He was a seasoned reporter for Noroeste in 2003 when he teamed up with five colleagues to form Riodoce and sold $ 50 stakes.
In Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without encountering the drug problem," said Bojorquez.
Over time, the newspaper earned a reputation for bold and honest reporting, and sales and advertising increased.
Reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting research without fear of censorship, and readers were intrigued by a publication where they could read stories no one else dared cover.
Eight years after founding Riodoce, she received the prestigious "Maria Moors Cabot Prize" for her reporting in Latin America.
That same year, Valdez won the Committee to Protect Journalists' International Press Freedom Award for his courage in following the Mexican drug history wherever it led.
He freely admitted that he was scared.
"I want to go on living," he said at the time of the CPJ award.
Drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said in an interview with Rompeviento-TV last October.
"You have to take on the job that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play the fool.
I don't want to be asked, "What did you do in the face of so many dead ... why didn't you say what was going on?"
The Riodoce team missed Valdez, the joker who could curse like a dockworker, the friend who was generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
They trusted his routine.
He would always wear his hat.
He would always go to El Guayabo, the bar across from the office, and always sit at the same table there.
Now they ask: Was his love of routine his undoing?
His death has also forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs while staying alive.
"They don't like it when you deal with their wives, their children, their clean businesses, their secret runways" to move drugs.
"These things were not allowed," said Bojorquez.
The result, even in the best of times, is high levels of self-censorship and self-preservation.
Trust your own instincts.
If it smells wrong, stay away from it.
The trouble is, said the editor of the Riodoce Andres Villarreal, that "smell is a meaning that can be fooled ... and then the thing happened to Javier."
The old rules, as he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - just as they do in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mixture of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
The landscape is constantly changing.
In the room where Riodoce employees met for safety training, cell phones were suddenly banned. It was revealed days earlier that spyware, sold exclusively to governments, had been used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.
Outside, two police officers took shelter from the 104 degree (40 ° C) heat in the shade of a tree.
They were hired by the state government to protect Riodoce's offices in a four-story building in a middle-class neighborhood of Culiacan.
Half jokingly, some of the reporters wondered if these officers were among the 50 percent of police officers the governor himself described as untrustworthy.
It has been months since the reporters went into the mountains where the drug gangs are de facto under control.
For this week's issue, Riodoce has looked at three main stories.
There was the murder of the brother of the former famous boxer Julio Cesar Chavez in Sinaloa.
They also had an exposé on government spending focused on the governor's hometown.
And there was a group that carried out a kidnapping in one of the most expensive restaurants in Culiacan, one block from the prosecutor's office.
There was no official word on who was kidnapped or how it happened, so caution was advised when it came time to write what everyone in town knows: that the restaurant is a favorite with drug dealers and authorities.
A reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician who belongs to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party (PRI), which ruled all political levels for most of the century.
Recently, several PRI governors were charged with high profile corruption cases.
Villarreal asked the reporter to write about previous incidents at the establishment, including one where a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military attack.
Just months earlier, readers would have considered Valdez's column to be the best-informed source on the kidnapping.
"Before we would have known what happened," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" because of his slim physique.
"Now all channels of communication with our sources are broken."
The Valdez office has been repurposed as a storage space for signs and stickers protesting the murders of journalists, because the staff has become something they would never have expected themselves: activists on behalf of the press.
Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few signs and went to the prosecutor's office the next morning for a demonstration about another journalist.
Salvador Adame disappeared in the western state of Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.
A burned body was discovered and officials say it is his, based on DNA testing.
Journalists across the country have become more vocal by writing "SOS Press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protests.
On that day, the director Bojorquez is away in Washington and trying to collect international support for the judiciary in the Valdez case.
At a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa the day after the Valdez assassination, Ramirez accused the authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.
She has since asked to be reassigned by the government because she is concerned that her anger has violated her objectivity.
Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico were "surrounded" by organized crime, government officials involved and an indifferent society.
In his last book, Narco-Journalism, he wrote that reporters are not only killed by drug gangs, but also on orders from politicians and security forces who are in league with organized crime.
The media guard group "Articulo 19" assigned more than half of the attacks on journalists to the police and officials in the past year.
"You die in Mexico because they want you to shut up," Ramirez said.
Obviously the murders have a deterrent effect.
Nobody forgets the death of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas six years ago.
Her body was found along with a note supposedly signed by the Zetas Cartel: "Here I am for my reports."
A computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.
Some branches have chosen to close, such as El Norte newspaper in the northern border state of Chihuahua after the murder of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
Others carry on as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did after their director's assassination in 2004.
In 2010 the Diario de Ciudad Juarez publicly addressed the drug cartels with a front-page editorial entitled "What do you want from us?"
Some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.
It's a painful decision.
It is hard to find work in exile and they are still watching the streets looking for danger.
And sometimes they are hunted, as evidently the photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered together with four women in an apartment in Mexico City in 2015 three months after fleeing Veracruz.
For those who lag behind and keep working, it's a daily dance of risky decisions.
Ibarra, who once wanted to be a poet, admits that drug trafficking scares him.
"Mexico is going to hell and that's why I became a reporter," he said.
At midnight last Friday, when the last issue had finished, the Riodoce editors were sitting on the sidewalk outside the office drinking beer when all of their phones started buzzing.
A series of shootings with gang rivals and security forces near the seaside resort of Mazatlan left 19 confirmed dead.
The war continued to escalate, as promised by a number of cartel embassies in the region.
From the curb, they posted the news on the Riodoce website via cell phone.
The front page had to be changed the next day.
Sirens wailed nearby - another shooting in the area.
Bojorquez glanced at the policemen who were on guard to see if they were ready.
If they were scared at all, they didn't show it.
Under the huge portrait of the newspaper's fallen founder, whose middle finger was visible to all of Sinaloa, the Riodoce employees followed in his footsteps.
"How can you even think about closing," said Bojorquez, "when, on the same day that Javier was murdered, the intern asked me to send her out on the street to report."
Dinosaur used camouflage to avoid enemies
At first glance, it looks like a statue, albeit a terrifying one.
Now researchers have found that the first discoveries of a Canadian miner's incredible rhinoceros have been so well preserved that experts have described it as the "Mona Lisa the Dinosaur".
It was so well preserved that they could even tell that its flaky skin was a reddish brown - and they said it had something of a "troubled past" about it.
The report in Current Biology magazine called it "the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found and one of the best specimens in the world."
The fossil is a newly discovered species of nodosaur that lived between 110 million and 112 million years ago in the mid-Cretaceous period.
Its incredibly well-preserved condition has baffled researchers who have described it as "truly remarkable"
According to reports in National Geographic, the armored herbivore is the best preserved fossil of its kind.
It was found by Shawn Funk while digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada on March 21, 2011.
He encountered something that seemed out of place from the surrounding rock and decided to take a closer look.
The fossil he discovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Paleontology.
They spent the next six years uncovering the wild animal within the 2,500 pound (1,100 kg) clod of earth.
After all of this hard work, the finished result is now ready to be revealed.
"If you blink your eyes just a little, you could almost believe it was asleep," said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum, where the creature is on display.
"It will go down in the history of science as one of the most beautiful and best-preserved specimens of dinosaurs - the Mona Lisa of the dinosaurs."
Researchers have found that although this herbivore is covered in armor and resembles a walking shell, it has likely been threatened by carnivorous dinosaurs.
The heavily armored dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators and employed a shielding technique known as counter-shading, which is also used by many modern animals.
This would have allowed it to blend in better with its surroundings and dodge its enemies, experts say, suggesting that it was threatened by larger dinosaurs.
The 110-million-year-old creature from the nodosaur family first hit the headlines in May and is now on display at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
Researchers have now studied the wild animal and named it Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team who spent more than 7,000 hours carefully uncovering it.
The amazing preservation of the specimen made it possible for Dr. Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and armor over his body.
They discovered counter-shading, a common method of defense in the animal kingdom, which means that the top of the creature was darker than its underside.
While counter-shading is common, the results are surprising as the size of the Borealopelta is far larger than that of animals living today.
It suggests that the dinosaur was chased by enough pressure from carnivorous dinosaurs that evolution favored disguising confrontation as a means of survival.
But most contemporary animals that employ counter-shading - think deer, zebras, or armadillos - are much smaller and more vulnerable than prey, which signals that this nodosaur has faced a real struggle for survival.
"Strong predator behavior on a massive, heavily armored dinosaur demonstrates how dangerous the Cretaceous dinosaur predators must have been," Brown said.
Chemical analysis of organic compounds on their scales also shows that the dinosaur's skin was reddish brown.
Scientists continue to examine the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved intestinal contents, to find out what it ate as its last meal.
They believe that when the dinosaur died, it got into a river and was driven out into the sea, where it sank on its back to the seabed.
At that time, Alberta was as warm as southern Florida is today, and the rivers and oceans are likely much more inland than they are today.
"This nodosaur is really remarkable because it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, but it also remains in three dimensions and maintains the animal's original shape," said Brown.
"The result is that the animal looks almost exactly the same today as it did in the early Cretaceous.
You don't need to use a lot of imagination to reconstruct it. If you squint a little with your eyes, you might almost think he's asleep. "
The Cretaceous Period was a time when giant theropods, carnivorous dinosaurs that stood on two legs, roamed the earth.
Although the king of them, the Tyrannosaurus Rex, lived millions of years after the Borealide Delta, the armored dinosaur was hunted by some of its fearsome ancestors.
These include the Acrocanthosaurus, a 38 foot (11.5 m) long, six ton monster.
The scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe that after death, the Borealopelta sank into the sea and became mummified in the mud.
The creature was found by Shawn Funk while digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada on March 21, 2011.
According to the museum, it is the best-preserved armored dinosaur in the world, including skin and armor, and is complete from snout to waist.
The creatures averaged about 18 feet (5 meters) long and weighed up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
It contained two 20-inch-long spikes that protruded from its shoulders.
The researchers believe the armored herbivore was washed through western Canada until a flooded river flooded it into the open sea.
But the dinosaur's underwater burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.
The fossilized remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that the remains of the skin still cover bumpy armor plates along the dinosaur
As Michael Greshko wrote for National Geographic, such a level of conservation is as' rare as winning the lottery.
The more I look at it, the more confusing it becomes.
Petrified remains of the skin still cover the bumpy armor plates that support the animal's skull.
His right forefoot is at his side, his five fingers spread upwards.
I can count the scales on his sole '.
In a thunderstorm: A pile-up on the A8: many injured
Violent accident on Thursday evening on the A8: Almost 30 vehicles are involved in a pile-up.
There are numerous injuries, traffic jams for miles - and gawkers.
About 20 people were injured in a pile-up on the Stuttgart-Munich (A8) autobahn late on Thursday afternoon.
According to initial information from the police, around 5 p.m. between the Adelzhausen and Odelzhausen junctions (Aichach-Friedberg district), almost 30 vehicles, including probably trucks, crashed into each other during a thunderstorm.
There was initially no information about the exact number of injured persons.
A police spokesman said the injuries were minor to moderate.
A large number of rescue vehicles were at the scene of the accident.
The A8 in the direction of Munich was completely blocked.
In the direction of Munich, a backwater around ten kilometers long formed.
As an AZ reporter reported, there were also massive obstructions on the opposite lane - due to numerous onlookers.
The fire brigade wrote down the license plates of the vehicle drivers, who now have to expect severe fines.
Shortly after 6:45 p.m., there was a second accident on the A8, this time between Augsburg and Dasing.
There was a collision between a car transporter and a car.
A rescue helicopter was on the way to the accident site.
Deutsche Bahn: Group tests "Comfort Check-in"
It is a moment that almost everyone has already experienced: You sit in the train and sleep, unsuspecting.
Or you are absorbed in your work and just have a brilliant idea.
And then: puff.
If the conductor comes and rudely wakes you or pulls the passenger out of the workflow.
Ticket control.
But the times of interruptions will soon be over.
Deutsche Bahn is currently testing the ticket inspection without a conductor.
You simply confirm by mobile phone that you have taken your seat and use it to validate the ticket.
A test run is currently running on two routes.
"If the offer arrives, we'll expand it.
It is then expected to be available on many other long-distance routes in Germany at the beginning of next year, "said a rail spokesman.
"Comfort Check-in" is what Deutsche Bahn calls ticket validation without a conductor.
In order to be able to use them, however, certain requirements must be met: You need a smartphone or a tablet.
And you have to have booked an online ticket - which most passengers do anyway.
You also have to have bought it via the DB Navigator app, which is the most convenient way of booking tickets anyway.
And finally, you need a seat reservation.
Because the "Comfort Check-in" works like this: You get on the train, call up your ticket under "My Tickets".
A button for electronic validation then appears for the test customers.
The train attendants receive a message on their mobile devices that passenger X is on the train and has taken the booked seat Y.
If the train attendant arrives at seat Y for ticket inspection, he knows that there is a passenger with an online ticket that has already been validated.
So you can go on sleeping, keep working, keep silent.
"Check-in" has two advantages: one for the customer, one for the train - which in turn should benefit the passengers.
"If you want to travel in a relaxed way without having your ticket checked by our train attendants, you can simply check in yourself using the DB Navigator.
This enables passengers to organize their travel time on the train more personally, "says Michael Peterson, Marketing Director at DB Fernverkehr.
Second plus: "And our employees have more time than today to respond to individual customer needs".
Anyone who often travels by train knows that next to delays and missed trains, ticket controls are one of the biggest annoyances.
Because often you yourself, but in any case one of the fellow travelers, do not have all the documents with you that you need to validate online tickets.
Either the credit card or identity card is missing or some other document that you have to show.
The result is endless discussions between train attendants and passengers, which leads to a bad mood in the compartment or in the open area and delays in checking your own ticket and ultimately taking the conductor away from other matters.
Only a small number of test customers can still use the new service.
And only on the ICE 915 Dortmund-Stuttgart and ICE 912 Stuttgart-Essen connections.
Further train numbers on the same route have not yet been activated.
How one activist came to learn the answer to the question, "Whose Streets?"
On August 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to the core.
Just a day after arriving in New York City, the St. Louis-born was sitting on the bed of an Airbnb apartment she rented, scrolling through Facebook on her phone.
She stumbled upon a post from someone in high school.
"The police have just killed an 18-year-old child and it's still on the street," it said.
Confused that no one else had posted the information on her feed, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.
A user with the handle @TheePharoah was constantly retweeted on their timeline.
The St. Louis area rapper was about to live tweet the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old who was killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out on the street and staying there for four hours.
"That's wild," Ferrell thought to himself.
But death was nothing new to her and her community.
She put down her cell phone to return to tweeting about people on Canfield Drive later that evening.
There were photos of the police tape and people shouting and of a man claiming to be Brown's father carrying a sign that said, "Ferguson's police just killed my unarmed son!"
She was watching a live feed of a police officer standing in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.
In another video, she said, another police officer unlocked his rifle and yelled, "I'm going to kill you ... animals all."
"It's not common," Ferrell recalled her statement.
"This is not the kind of murder that we are used to and that we can call typical."
At that moment I felt chills.
I was angry and cried. "
She booked a return flight and went home the next day.
After landing at 11 p.m., she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her father's house and decided that the two would drive to Ferguson the next morning.
What happened to Ferrell and Ferguson over the next three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?", Which hits theaters on Nov.
It is a story of survival and protest, love and loss, strength and resilience that exists from the point of view of the people who live in the community and who have filled the streets to demand answers.
When Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who wore a floral dress and a matching crown, the two discussed a conversation they had had numerous times before that morning "about the black experience and state."
"You remember how I taught you when black people have to fight for what they believe in?" she remembered what she said.
"We're going to Ferguson now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it wasn't right.
I couldn't take her, "Ferrell said later.
"What happened today is a culmination of ... what happened in the past.
She has to know and see it and be raised in it.
It needs to be well developed, not just activism and organization, but also knowing the different layers of the black experience and constitution and what we need to do to become free, to free ourselves.
Even if I am lucky enough to give her an experience in which she personally does not experience blatant racism, she is no different from the next black woman child.
I feel like I would do her a disservice to keep her away from it. "
The first stop when they got to Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a location across from the Police Department that became a camp area as activists waited for Officer Darren Wilson's possible non-indictment.
There, Ferrell and her daughter hooked up with a local business owner who made lunch.
They prepared bags and helped give them to demonstrators.
Slowly a new kind of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.
"My activism totally changed after August 9th," she said, noting that as a student at the University of Missouri-St. Louis served as president of the Minority Student Nurses Association, focusing on food justice and health inequalities in black communities.
"I had no experience in organizing.
It all came. "
Weeks later, during an evening demonstration, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the film's co-directors.
Folayan said she and her cameraman Lucas Alvarado-Farrar just wanted to "document" what was happening.
One question came to Ferrell's mind: "Are you going to document or are you trying to find a story to exploit?"
This skepticism was fueled by countless cases of people, often whites, in a community that benefited from their pain and resilience.
As Folayan stated in a recent interview, "We heard that people who were born and raised in Ferguson didn't center their voices and we wanted to do it differently."
Folayan had previously worked with then co-director Damon Davis, an artist in the field known for his activism around death row inmates.
His involvement brought Ferrell closer to the project, and the "Whose Streets?" Team followed with six other locals. in the years following Brown's shooting.
"This documentary is not someone who speaks for us or speaks to us. We talk," said Davis.
"That was the main thing for me how these people are portrayed because that is how I will be portrayed."
The goal wasn't to focus on Ferrell's experience - to show that the movement "is not a messiah leader, but a community that comes together," Folayan said - it turned out to be the most open Participant in the film.
As a result, documents from "Whose Streets?" surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, falling in love and marrying her wife.
"I felt like I was naked," said Ferrell, laughing when she first saw the finished product.
"But I understood that there has to be a certain vulnerability in this work and in humanizing black people."
In addition, Ferrell's story repeats the role of black gay women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.
Two of the three founders of the movement, who shaped the film "BlacklivesMatter" on social media after the killing of the black teen Trayvon Martin in 2012, identify themselves as gay.
"Black, gay women in leadership positions have carried the movement as a whole," Ferrell said, "and so we are constantly fighting on different fronts.
Black gay women have to bear the brunt of everything. "
Folayan agreed to note that "the movement is really being sustained by black women and many black women".
However, she insists that "this is not an affirmative type of action," where Ferrell was chosen to be the heart of the film because of her identity.
"She was the person who shook that energy," she said.
"It's no accident, even though she was on the front lines, because there is so much at stake in living at these junctions as a black, gay woman.
You can feel their energy through the screen. "
The news cameras in Ferguson are long gone, but the racial links between the community and the police persist.
Ferrell is on probation for two and a half years for blocking a highway at a demonstration.
She describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area, which she calls her home: "A chaos".
Still, she clings to a chant and has been committed to that memory ever since she took to the streets in Ferguson three years ago.
"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
It is our duty to win.
We need to love and support one another.
We have nothing to lose - except our chains. "
From "dream" to "megalomania": TV readers discuss Bit-Galerie
The bit gallery moves people, although it is far from being built.
But the idea of a shopping center at the southern end of the pedestrian zone has been dividing the population into supporters and opponents since it was first presented in 2009.
The topic hardly leaves anyone cold.
The topic is also discussed on our Facebook page "Volksfreund Bitburg".
While some say to the bit gallery: "That would be a dream" (Anja Becker) or "That would be really great" (Nicole Schausten), from the other side: "Nobody needs" (Siggi Betzen) or quite simply: "Megalomania!" (Lars Scholz).
While the proponents are counting on the fact that a gallery will attract more customers to the city, which will also benefit the other shops, the opponents fear that the pedestrian zone will then bleed out.
In addition: The gallery is planned exactly on the property on which the farmer's market is located, where 13 direct marketers offer their products.
This will be over with the start of construction.
The gallery creators want to integrate a market hall into the new building - facing Beda Square with the option of sitting outside.
Simone Zimmer: "We have been shopping in the farmers' market hall almost every week for many years.
Mainly our eggs, but also the country women’s delicious cakes.
We also discovered the butcher shop for ourselves.
We would like to have a chance to maintain this offer during and especially after the construction of the gallery.
This is also available in other cities.
The Kleinmarkthalle in Frankfurt is particularly interesting. "
Gerd Densing: "Whether direct marketers settle in a market hall in the gallery depends on the amount of the rent.
With the new project, it shouldn't be that low. "
Eva Kilic: "Why go shopping in Bitburg?
Whether clothing, shoes, drugstores or supermarkets: I find that superfluous.
There are already enough of them in our city.
You can see how many shops are empty here - some for months and years.
Since there is not even a proper weekly market here, it is all the more important that at least the market hall is preserved.
After all, the goods offered there are fresh, are mostly offered directly by the producer and are also inexpensive.
As you can see, shops in a shopping center are only rented by larger companies, because the rents there are often not affordable for a retailer.
It's a shame, there are almost no specialty stores anymore and what is left of them will probably also disappear. "
Wolf Fandel: "A shopping center with a market hall doesn't go together for me.
And the gallery doesn't fit in Bitburg.
Above all: where should the farmer's market go during the construction period?
The old Edeka would be the solution - even in the long run, if the bit gallery actually comes up at some point.
Or does the Bit-Galerie ghost manage to drive all businesses out of Bitburg beforehand? "
George Marquet: "It just won't work.
And nobody needs a shopping center that is empty.
In my opinion it would have been better to promote a real farmers market instead of this gallery.
But thanks to the insane number of - in my opinion - pointless construction projects in Bitburg, there is no longer any space for a farmers' market hall.
If the farmer's market hall is destroyed, another piece of culture will disappear. "
A fitting resemblance: the artist creates portraits with Chelsea Manning's DNA
In the center of the room at the Fridman Gallery in New York there are many faces - white, black, and brown, almost imperceptibly resembling one another - hanging on cables from the ceiling.
The 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and haircuts sent to her by Chelsea Manning.
Manning sent the clippings from Fort Leavenworth Prison, where the former intelligence analyst was serving a 35-year prison sentence after making classified diplomatic reports public through the WikiLeaks website.
The new exhibition, which opened on August 2nd, is called A Becoming Resemblance.
It is the product of two years of correspondence between Dewey-Hagborg, whose discipline combined her expertise in technology, computer science, and the arts, and Manning, a trans woman and pioneering dissident whose conviction was commuted by Barack Obama when he was only three days in his Had office.
Dewey-Hagborg has a sharp, if somewhat intellectual, comment not only on the malleability of DNA data, through algorithmic analysis of the DNA extracted by Manning, from which 30 portraits were created of what someone might look like with this genomic data - the many ways in which they can be interpreted and the inherent determinism of those interpretations - but also created to identity.
Manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has spoken openly about being identified as a woman since puberty, was convicted in 2013 on 20 charges, including six spy law violations, computer fraud and theft.
The prison had suppressed her image, so much so that there was only one photo - a grainy, black and white selfie of Manning sitting in a visibly uncomfortable driver's seat wearing a platinum blonde wig - that she was associated with.
In 2015 Dewey-Hagborg had just come back from the huge success of their 2012 project 'Stranger Visions'.
In it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts like cigarette butts and chewing gum by extracting the DNA from the garbage to create an image of what these people might look like.
That was when she received an email from a newspaper magazine.
"They interviewed Chelsea Manning while she was in prison and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany this article," Dewey-Hagborg said at a press preview of the new exhibition.
And she couldn't be visited at the time and she couldn't be photographed so they contacted Chelsea and asked her if she wanted to do a DNA portrait.
The artist and her imprisoned muse became unequal pen pals who exchanged several letters over the course of two years.
They even created a comic book "Suppressed Images", illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, which foresaw a future in which the President would reverse Chelsea's judgment and she would be able to see the exhibition in person.
That Obama was actually going to demand Manning's release after seven brutal years in a Kansas military prison just days after the book was published was a welcome kind of happy encounter.
There's something deep and powerful about the exhibition opening now as well as Donald Trump wages a war against government camp informants and transgender troops to find new, tweetable ways to resolve the rigid divisions he was supposed to be fixing to continue to inflame.
When asked about the strange timing of all of these things, Dewey-Hagborg said that "things happen for a reason".
In an artistic statement written on the gallery wall, Manning, with her oversized signature underneath (the "i" in her family name has a heart), called for an end to the "automatic fragmentation that was based on gender, race, sexuality and culture. "
On the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of Cs and Gs and As, written in pencil.
By including the 200 letters (or nucleotides according to the artist's sophisticated scientific lexicon), Dewey-Hagborg hoped to show how amazingly similar, at least in biological terms, we all are.
"What people will hopefully take away from this is that our genome doesn't care who we are and how open genetic data is to interpretation and how subjective it is," said Dewey-Hagborg, whose 2007 video work, Spurious Memories , can also be seen.
"DNA data can tell so many different stories, so that's 30 of those stories."
The last piece in the exhibition, which is kept in its own room, is a page from the above-mentioned comic novel.
It shows Manning emerging from United States disciplinary barracks such as King-Kong, handsfree phone in hand.
"If they ignore your speech, then they have won," it says.
"So never shut up".
"It came straight from a letter she wrote me," said the artist, who greets from Philadelphia.
"I still get goose bumps when I talk about it."
Manning has not yet seen the exhibition in person - as anticipated in the comic book - but if she does, she will be greeted in the center of the room by the masks, her own genomic simulacra that act like hordes crowd of protesters.
That was also purposeful, like everything in the exhibition, right down to the size (5 "2, Manning's stature), where her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.
"In the past I had them on the wall, but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," said Dewey-Hagborg of the portraits.
"I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that was forming with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind their liberation."
Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee wanted for homicide
A nationwide manhunt is underway for a professor at Northwestern University and an Oxford University employee wanted as suspects after a man was stabbed to death with fatal injuries in a luxury Chicago apartment.
On Monday, Wyndham Lathem, 42, and Andrew Warren, 56, were issued murder arrest warrants for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, Cook County District Court files show.
The documents say Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after being stabbed several times.
A community alert system released by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27th.
Officials received a call and arrived at the Grand Plaza Apartments to find the victim with multiple injuries to his body.
Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead on the scene, and detectives are investigating the stitches as murder while police are actively searching for the two suspects, officials said.
Lathem has been an Associate Professor of Microbiology and Immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.
Alan K. Cubbage, vice president of university relations, said in an email statement that Lathem was now on leave and banned from entering the Northwestern University campus.
"This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the relevant authorities and Northwestern University is cooperating with this investigation," said Cubbage.
Warren is a Senior Treasury Assistant at Oxford University.
A spokesman for the university and Somerville College said in an email statement that "we are in contact with the UK police and are ready to help US law enforcement in any way we can".
The statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and want him to turn himself in.
Chicago Police Department Chief Communications Officer Anthony Guglielmi said he urged suspects to face the authorities.
"The police have an idea of their whereabouts and our efforts to locate them are increasing," said Guglielmi.
Guglielmi said local, regional and national authorities are helping locate the suspects.
Guglielmi said the police received a call from the building manager of the Grand Plaza building who had just received an enigmatic tip stating that something had happened in apartment 1008.
The police described the scene as very cruel.
Guglielmi said it was unclear whether the incident also took place on July 27.
Security cameras confirmed that Lathem and Warren were in the building.
"We believe Professor Latham and the victim were related," said Guglielmi.
The Grand Plaza management team released a statement to residents: "The police are currently working on the victim's timeline and background, and are researching a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident."
"We will complete the WADA roadmap in the near future" - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Mutko
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko said it will not be long before the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for restoring the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) are implemented.
"At a certain stage in the fulfillment of the timetable criteria, RUSADA was given the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).
The WADA roadmap has been updated in this regard, "said Mutko on Thursday.
The PM commented on the second part of WADA's roadmap for compliance with the Code, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and which was recently published on the organization's website.
Mutko said it did not contain anything of concern for Russia.
"Everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.
And the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and WADA in the near future, "he added.
However, one of the criteria on the list states that the Russian anti-doping authorities must publicly accept the reported results of the WADA-approved investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren into alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.
Speaking of the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation because our anti-doping system has admitted an error.
All measures have been implemented.
But there weren't any government programs, and we're not going to admit something that doesn't exist. "
Mutko's words coincided with those of Vitaly Smirnov, head of the independent Russian anti-doping commission.
Speaking to the Russian outlet RSport earlier in the day, Smirnov admitted past problems in Russian anti-doping organizations, but then added: "We have repeatedly said that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.
Nobody intends to accept this report unconditionally, "added Smirnov.
In November 2015, in the wake of the doping scandal, RUSADA was banned from conducting doping controls in Russia by WADA.
However, she was allowed to plan and coordinate tests under the supervision of international experts and the UK Anti-Doping (UKAD).
After visiting the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA General Director Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is moving "in the right direction" to be reinstated.
For the time being, Aldi no longer sells eggs
This was announced by the corporate groups.
It was a pure precautionary measure, no further health impairment could be assumed, it said in the message.
From now on, Aldi will only be able to deliver eggs that have been proven to have tested negative for anti-lice agents containing fipronil.
Aldi wanted to create clarity and transparency for its customers.
The Startups That Will Help Your Business Not Become the Next Uber
Amy Errett wanted to measure employee happiness at her e-commerce start-up, but the surveys didn't work.
Answers were often vague, unhelpful, or worse, fraudulent.
And even if you promised anonymity, some workers did not trust the process.
"There just never was consistency and objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.
She called outside people for help.
A new breed of human resources startups is growing to help companies find out how their employees are feeling.
By creating and licensing software that has the specific purpose of measuring employee engagement, it enables companies to conduct surveys, target specific groups and demographic groups, provide anonymity and complaint hotlines to employees, and in some cases allow whistleblowers to bypass the C-suite executives and contact the board of directors directly.
"You now have tools like Strava and Fitbit for tracking your health, but where is the Fitbit for your business?" said Jim Barnett, co-founder and chief executive of Redwood City startup Glint, whose software analytics tools are used by companies to measure employee engagement.
Errett said she gained a better understanding of what your co-workers think and feel over the three years with Glint.
In addition to Snap polls and surveys of specific teams, it offers a Company Heat Map that shows at a glance which units are having the most complaints and which executives are having low approval scores - so you can pinpoint why.
Businesses are beginning to understand that they need to stay at the forefront of workplace culture lest they become the next Uber to be caught up in scandals since a former employee posted a blog post describing an environment of harassment whom those who spoke were punished.
For start-ups like Glint, this need for an overview is a lucrative business opportunity.
The global governance, regulation, and compliance industry could be worth more than $ 118.7 billion by 2020, according to financial tech website Let's Talk Payments.
Denver, Colorado, start-up Convercent, which helps businesses prevent and detect bad behavior, saw increased interest and activity earlier this year amid the discredit Uber case.
Convercent has nearly 600 clients including Airbnb, Microsoft, and Tesla.
Uber recently signed up as a client.
Like Glint, Convercent lets companies send bespoke "pulse" surveys, collect confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps of your problem areas.
It also offers an anonymous SMS hotline that employees can use to report bad behavior.
And when the chief executive is involved, complaints go straight to the board of directors.
"The court of public opinion has caught the regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, founder and CEO of Convercent.
If a company is found mistreating its employees or acting unethically, it can face costly consequences from consumer boycotts, employee turnover and lawsuits, Quinlan said.
Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees and over 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of policies and procedures and have an easy way to get to their corporate headquarters.
Previously, when an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, file a formal complaint, and hope that it was taken seriously.
It was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesdays general counsel, who said there was no good way to follow up on employee complaints.
Now that the company is using Convercent, problems previously hidden by executives in offices in cities or states - such as discrimination, harassment, or unfair practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.
"I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view of the employment experience," said Vitrano, who leads Ruby Tuesday's Risk Management Group.
"And we protect our shareholders from employment litigation."
Companies began to take ethics, values, and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after the accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed over ethical violations caused by the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.
But it took before "social media got its fair share" for companies to realize they couldn't stop their dirty laundry from going online.
"Before using technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, and charge companies with recurring fees for using their products.
It's a business model and opportunity that has won approval from venture capital investors who have supported both startups.
Convercent received $ 10 million in funding in February from firms including Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing total capital to $ 47 million.
Glitzern raised $ 10 million from Bessemer Venture Partners in November, bringing its total funding to $ 60 million.
These investments come as no surprise given the interconnected nature of business, culture, and venture capital.
There is a growing body of research showing that today's employees expect more from their jobs than they did before.
In competitive markets like Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are just stakes.
Employees want to feel that you are accepted and valued, and that you are giving your time to a company with a positive mission.
"When people are happy to be in a company, feel that their voices are heard, and that the work they are doing is worth it, then they feel more committed to making that company successful," said Nina McQueen , Vice president of Global Benefits and Employee Experience at LinkedIn, using both Convercent and Glint.
Investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies are doing well. Companies do well when employees are committed and committed.
When third party analytics tools promise to increase employee engagement and commitment, it's no wonder you find support.
The data on employee engagement is important according to the workplace culture experts.
But the data is useless if the administrators of a company don't take action.
Indeed, when a company asks employees for their feedback, it can have an expectation that change is on the way.
And if change doesn't come fast enough, or not at all, it can breed disappointments and demotivate employees.
"If you ask for 4,000 suggestions, you must be ready to have 4,000 calls," said Russell Raath, president of consulting for business management firm Kotter International, who has seen companies rely too heavily on data collection .
"Because if you don't follow staff will ask," Did you really hear me?
Take care of that?
And who you don't care, why should I? "
Madison Reed, who now conducts monthly employee surveys, was able to take action the same day when a problem is reported on Glint, Errett said.
And after gathering feedback from frustrated employees, the speed of decision-making and quality of communication allowed her to reorganize multiple teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.
At Ruby Tuesday, the company is always getting new insights into its employees, and it hopes that in the long run, this will lead to better employee retention in an industry known for high sales.
"If you are not required to create a culture of transparency, you will lose the people," Vitrano said.
"And when you lose people, you lose customers too.
And if you lose customers, you will lose companies.
The NCAA eliminates the two-day practices and makes a long day for the Bruins
It is approaching 11 p.m. when a crowd of UCLA football players are chatting on one side of the team's new practice fields on campus.
Some have taken off their jersey tops and show their backs sweaty from the first day of training camp.
For a good part of the team, these idle minutes represent a lunch break.
Players enrolled in the summer courses will return to their final exams after the three-hour practice session before returning to Wasserman Football Center the next morning at 6:30 am.
"This is a real treadmill for the boys for the next three days," said Bruins coach Jim Mora just before Monday turned into Tuesday.
The NCAA eliminated two-day drills to ease the burden on players, and it actually lengthened their days - at least until Friday's final.
Therefore, the first three UCLA training sessions should begin at 7.15 p.m. to meet the players' already jam-packed schedules.
The compromise off the two days is more than a day with the Bruins postponing the start of camp nearly a week after last season and doing hands-on exercises at Westwood for the first time during Mora's six seasons during summer school.
You are scheduled to do 18 exercises during August. 20 before formal preparations begin for their opener against Texas A&amp;M in September.
Mora said he supports the NCAA's rule change even if it adds another point to the players' busy routes.
"We put this enormous load on them for three or four days and it's very challenging," said Mora.
"And they just pushed it through, they keep chatting, they are great people.
I think as soon as we get to Saturday and we have more time it will be really great. "
UCLA will end its practices once the camp is over, given the clear sight lines of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjacent Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with soccer balls that cleared a protective net behind a goal post , will not be an easy task.
Bruins players are slated to occupy the hotel starting this weekend, but Mora admitted there could be a problem once those rooms become vacant during the season.
"We will use our security," said Mora.
"This is a real problem, and it's not far-fetched to think that people rent a room there and then prepare to record an exercise there.
If you have the videotape from an exercise, it's pretty good business.
But we have security there, and we have security in parking lot 8.
We will do the best with what we have.
I'm not too worried about that.
We have a plan. "
Facebook wants to step up fact-checking in the fight against fake news
Facebook wants to send more potential articles with false reports to third party fact checkers and then display their results under the original post, said the world's largest online social network on Thursday. It is one of his efforts to combat so-called fake news.
The company said in a statement on its website that it will begin using updated machine learning methods to detect possible false positives and send them to fact-checkers who may see fact-checking results from the original article.
Facebook has been criticized as one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many believe may have influenced the 2016 US presidential election.
The problem has become a major political issue in Europe as well, with French voters flooded with false stories in the run-up to the May presidential election, and Germany supports a plan to punish social media networks if they fail to quickly get rid of hateful postings like before the elections there in September.
On Thursday, Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-checking would be started in the United States, France, the Netherlands and Germany.
"In addition to knowing which stories are challenged by third-party fact-checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what to read and share," said Sara Su, Facebook News product manager, on a blog.
She added that Facebook will continue to test its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to reduce false news.
Creating a Comic Novel: A Castle in the History of England
In its more recent past, tiny Scotney Castle featured in a squeeze music video and was a loophole for Margaret Thatcher in the 1970s and 1980s.
But Scotney has seen 700 years of tumultuous history from its cozy seat in the Bewl River Valley in Kent and has now become the inspiration for a graphic novel by Jamie Rhodes, a pug-haired Yorkshire man with a penchant for historical documents.
"I think it's so nice to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.
"What a personal relationship to hold this letter in my hand."
A Castle in England spans the Middle Ages to the Edwardian era and documents the families who lived in Scotney. Each story was illustrated by a different emerging British artist - Isaac Lenkiewicz, Briony May Smith, William Exley, Becky Palmer and Isabel Greenberg.
It's not the first Rhodes book to be archive-based: he wrote Dead Men's Teeth and Other Stories in 2014, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.
"I only reacted like this to the thumbprint on the side of a letter written by a double agent in the 1700s who worked for the Jacobins," he says.
"That's his thumbprint!
And letters always smell of smoke, because at that time a fire was lit because of the light.
For someone who lives 300 years later, the smell has an effect as if they were there too.
Oh, I love archives! "
For someone so stuck with the National Trust and Arts Council England and living in a castle for almost four months ("To be honest, I overrated my welcome message"), it all seems to be too good to be true.
Rhodes spent its days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, perusing the archives and studying the castle's many treasures and curiosities, such as the hyena heads mounted on the walls and the bottles that had spent centuries in the ditch.
He wandered the grounds and ruins of the old castle, speaking with landscapers, gardeners, and sometimes the artists who worked on the illustrations for his book.
Then at night he "drank whiskey and started writing".
The intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown as the National Trust did not gain full access until 2006 when the last heiress, Elizabeth Hussey, died.
When Rhodes arrived a decade later, the staff were just starting to look after the archive, which he described as "hundreds of years of aristocrats saying, 'Oh, throw it in the attic".
Diaries, letters from the time of the English Empire, maps depicting who owned what: "You'd think that land conflicts would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was a birch that two families fought over.
Guys, let everything go! "
Some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a starting point for a broader dive into English history, including 'The Laborer' who follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the peasant uprising of 1381.
"There's a record of a riot that broke out in the castle in 1380 in this book called 'Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex,'" says Rhodes.
"The peasant riot started in this area and I thought a riot was a good start.
Maybe the two are connected? "
Other stories are firmly rooted in the history of the castle - such as 'The Priest', which tells the story of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.
Or 'The Smuggler', which depicts the 18th century smuggler Arthur Darrell who staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with stones (a discovery that was made years later when his coffin was unearthed) .
The Darrells are Rhodes' favorite Scotney family: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite a crook, running into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.
Other generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I picture them as a bunch of good-looking boys with a knack for recruiting heiresses. "
After the end of his assignment at the castle, Rhodes is looking for other unique writing experiences
He spent two weeks in the Finnish wilderness to write a comic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of a sanatorium from the early 20th century that has been reclaimed by nature since then.
But Scotney has a special place for him.
"I was sad to go again," he says.
It was like, "Oh, now I have to deal with the goddamn life again."
Campaign started: Over 300 year old Marienkapelle wrapped in Rhöndorf
With the wrapping of the 301-year-old Marienkapelle in Rhöndorf, the city of Bad Honnef started its campaign on Friday for the introduction of a new umbrella brand (Rundschau from Thursday).
Mayor Otto Neuhoff and his marketing team around Nelson Artz want to keep the logo and slogan secret until Thursday.
At the end of August, the campaign will highlight a festival on Grafenwerth Island.
"Too good for us.
Or? "Asked the organizers of the campaign since yesterday on the posters at the Rhöndorfer Chapel.
"We don't really think so (of course!)", They write on their website, which was activated yesterday.
"But we're using this measure to get your attention.
And to make it clear that some things are better than they seem.
Basically, we are firmly convinced that we as Bad Honnef citizens know very well about the beauty and attractiveness of our city. "
The campaign is about more than "just" a logo and a slogan, it says.
"It is important to formulate a stand-alone promise, one that gives the city an unmistakable unique selling point."
After all, it is in competition with other municipalities.
The city of Bad Honnef is spending a medium five-digit amount for its new umbrella brand and campaign.
Military reforms in Turkey - Erdogan's fear of the army
Every year at the beginning of August, the Supreme Military Council (YAS) in Ankara deliberates on retirements and promotions in the officer corps.
So this week too.
At first glance a normal process.
But nothing is routine in the Turkish armed forces a year after the coup attempt.
The meeting no longer took place in the General Staff building, as it used to be, but in the Prime Minister's office.
The five deputy prime ministers and the ministers for defense, interior affairs, justice and foreign affairs now also took part in the deliberations chaired by the head of government.
This meant that the civilians in the YAS were in the majority.
The government is tightening the reins in the military.
Chief of Staff Hulusi Akar remains in office, but the commanders of the army, the air force and the navy have been removed.
Since the failed coup, President Erdogan has fired 169 of the 326 generals and admirals.
Over 10,000 soldiers were removed from the ranks of the army - mostly because of alleged connections to the movement of the exiled preacher Fethullah Gülen, whom Erdogan sees as the mastermind behind the coup attempt.
Since this week, negotiations have been going on in Ankara against 486 people who are said to have been directly involved in the coup attempt.
On the day after the coup, Erdogan described the coup attempt as a "gift from God" because it gave him the opportunity to "completely cleanse" the armed forces.
But does Erdogan really have a grip on the army?
At the end of February, the newspaper "Hürriyet" published an article entitled "Uneasiness at Military Headquarters".
In the General Staff there are concerns about an increasing "Islamization" of the army, which is manifested, among other things, in the lifting of the headscarf ban for women soldiers, the newspaper wrote.
The big cleaning up with the army and the security forces goes on anyway.
In mid-July, Erdogan had a further 7,395 civil servants fired by decree, including 2,303 police officers and 546 soldiers.
It appeared that Erdogan had tamed the military.
The generals used to be considered the real masters of the country.
They staged coups three times, citing their role as guardians of the secular state order.
After his election victory in 2002, Erdogan pushed back the power of the military step by step, not least with reference to the reform guidelines of the European Union.
Former officers say Erdogan is specifically promoting the Islamization of the armed forces.
In the magazine “Vocal Europe”, an unnamed officer who sought asylum abroad for fear of persecution after the coup attempt warned that the Turkish army would be “full of extremists and Salafists” in a few years.
If so, such a development could not leave NATO indifferent.
In any case, there are doubts in the Alliance after the purges about the operational readiness of the Turkish army.
The leadership structures and operational capabilities are "weakened", say NATO diplomats.
Washington is changing the rules for the green card
There will be a new U.S. immigration plan to change the rules of the green card, said President Donald Trump, quoted by the media.
It aims to reduce the number of legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules on obtaining visas for temporary work permits and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
The new rules are proposed by the Republicans and supported by the President.
The bill is to be discussed in the two houses of Congress.
"This bill will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers, and it will do so by changing the way that the US will change the way green cards are issued to citizens of other countries."
The law will prevent chain migration and replace the current system.
This new application process will benefit candidates who speak English, who have the financial resources to support themselves and who demonstrate skills that will benefit our economy, "said Trump, quoted by the American media.
Ministry wants to renovate route for Rennsteig shuttle
In the past few months there had been repeated arguments about the future of the Rennsteig shuttle - now it should go very quickly.
Before the end of the year, the ailing route on which the tourist train runs is to be built.
In order to secure the future of the Rennsteig shuttle in the long term, according to the Ministry of Transport, construction work on the route should begin this year.
"With the decision to continue ordering and renovating the Ilmenau-Rennsteig route, the state is committed to this connection, which is particularly important for tourism," said State Secretary for Transport, Klaus Sühl, in Erfurt on Friday.
He put the cost of repairing the line at around 2.5 million euros.
The country will take over 75 percent of this sum.
The contract, on the basis of which the shuttle will also be ordered by the state in the future, is currently being finalized, explained Sühl.
The ministry and the Südthüringen Bahn as the operator have already agreed on the technical details.
"This means that the timetable, the vehicles used and the quality standards have been negotiated," said Sühl.
The planned contract between the ministry and the railway company will be concluded for a period of eleven years.
This means that the Rennsteig shuttle should be regularly ordered on December 2017.
The Rennsteig Shuttle is a train connection between the Ilmenau and Rennsteig stations that is particularly popular with tourists.
In the course of the past few months, a pilot had tested whether the route would be used by enough people to order it regularly again in the future.
In addition, parts of the route are very dilapidated.
The rise of sex robots is real and we should be concerned
Just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any crazier comes a new report on the technological developments in sex robots.
Yes indeed.
Sex robots are a big deal right now.
Recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) published a report on the evolution of sex robots over the next five to ten years.
According to Noel Sharkey, Professor Emeritus of Robotics and Artificial Intelligence at Sheffield University and co-founder of the FRR, we need to start taking their rise seriously.
Customers can choose the robot's eye color, nipple shape, and fingernail type.
"People make fun of them, but the companies deliver a lot of it and we will see them much more often," said Mr Sharkey on the release of his new report.
Modern sex dolls have evolved from their inflatable partners to robots with a silicone skin that is warm to the touch - with conscious human reactions that are achieved by artificial intelligence.
The user can also "customize" his robot according to his beliefs, choosing anything from the robot's eye color to the shape of the nipples to the type or color of his fingernails.
But it gets more disturbing as many robots have the "personalities" that would make a Stepford woman look progressive.
Modern sex dolls have evolved into robots with a silicone skin.
For example, the RealBotix robot allows its users to customize their robots to match the traits they find appealing, such as shyness.
And then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots developed by True Companion with preprogrammed personalities like "Frigid Farrah", which gives the impression of shyness, and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.
"Roxxxy Gold has a personality that matches your personality as closely as possible," enthuses the True Companion website.
So she likes what you like and she doesn't like what you don't, etc.
She also has her moods during the day - just like real people!
She can be tired, fixated on conversation, or she can be "in the mood"! "
There are many troubling aspects to this rise of sex robots - not least because they are replacing real human relationships - but worrying are the submissive feminine traits that allude to rape when stepping towards Frigid (here: reluctant) Farrah one of the most.
On its website, True Companion compared Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.
"If women (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have a Roxxxy?" it says on the website.
However, these sex robots are not just a fetish or just another sex toy.
Their emergence and increasing sophistication point to something darker and deeper in our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality to a desire for sex with submission as an optional addition.
Most men will, of course, not hold sex robots, and while the FRR notes their increasing popularity, they remain on the fringes of consumer culture for the time being.
But what seeps through from the fringes can be very instructive about the spirit of the times we live in.
And many people aren't weird or offensive until the free market gives them permission to do so.
There is some overlap that these sophisticated sex robots are emerging at a time when women's rights are being threatened around the world, when there is a President in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
The most terrifying aspect of the television series 'The Handmaid's Tale' is not the graphic images, the entwined bodies and the gouged eyes, but how realistic this vision seems.
The Republic of Gilead is a leap, but right now it doesn't feel like a big leap.
The goal behind these sex robots is to create a physical resemblance to actual women as realistically as technically possible (albeit with pornstar proportions).
Their builders want them to feel human, to mimic the movement of a real body.
But, in a nutshell, when it comes to their "personalities", the robots don't represent real women.
They cannot part with their companion or just walk away.
They have no mediation or backstory, nothing to suggest independence or anything that might upset the imagination of total submission.
In other words, they are compliant slaves.
Or to put it in the 2017 phrase, maid
Trump's great achievement?
He makes Mitt Romney the epitome of common sense
It has become a Trump-era truism that the political divisions that polarized the US electorate have also divided families on a small scale.
Around Christmas and Thanksgiving, there were newspapers in the United States offering advice on how to deal with the horror of Trump-voting relatives.
We are all supposedly working to burst our filter bubbles.
Less noticed is Trump's power to bring families together.
I mention this because my cousin, a leftist poet who lives in Chicago and has long been involved with the Republicans in our family, came to see me in New York this week.
She reminded me that unity against a common enemy can be powerful.
With Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including Republican relatives she'd fought with over politics for decades, is suddenly and strangely on the same side.
This is certainly a good thing around the dining table, but in another context I notice that this also entails considerable risks.
The left has been strengthened by Trump, but the distorting effects of his presidency have the power to push us all to the right.
When we speak of "normalization" and Trump, we are referring to the creepy possibility that one day his antics won't repel us.
There is an even more terrifying long-term scenario, however, in which Trump "normalizes" right-wing Republicans who suddenly appear to be the epitome of reasonableness compared to his standards.
I find myself engulfed in active nostalgia these days for Mitt Romney's hilarious version of the madman - the dog on the car roof, the 14% income tax (but at least we knew what his tax return looked like) - both of which compared to Trump, in fact, one as very mild offenses occur.
If Trump leaves, the next Republican candidate only needs to be sane to qualify as Immeasurable Improvement.
When my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the Central Park carousel, the largest of the New York parks division's carousels, and the best three bucks in town when you don't need caffeine.
The horses are enormous, the fiberglass designs on the central cylinder - all of the clowns are snarling and the animals twist to look over their own shoulders in fear - extremely sinister, and the jingling music conveys this in a strange way.
So many city stereotypes are disappointing: the views of tall buildings are getting old, the skylines are getting too familiar to hold much excitement, and the reality of the city doesn't live up to the dream.
Thirty-five years later, and I'm still not quite through the day, I found out that Swiss Cottage is indeed not a Swiss cottage - the Ye Olde Swiss Cottage themed pub doesn't count - it is a large north London roundabout.
However, the Central Park carousel is still an oddly magical experience as it is where two two year olds, an 11 year old and two women in their 40s can walk on it and all have a great time.
If I could have rated the carousel I would have given it full marks, but luckily nobody asked for it.
On the other hand, this week at a department store I was forced to rate my "experience" with transactions on a scale of one to five stars before I could swipe my credit card.
It's the same thing in the coffee shop on the corner of my street, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this to buy something over the counter.
Not only does this slow down what should be a neutral exchange, but it also puts pressure on the server to bring personality into a situation where none is required.
The poor woman in the department store stood grinning apologetically while I tiredly gave her my five-star credit card.
Oscar Pistorius transferred from prison to hospital with chest pain
Pistorius left prison for the second time to visit the hospital.
Last year he was hospitalized for treatment for cuts on his wrists that prison authorities said he suffered after a fall in his cell.
Pistorius was convicted of murder after an appeal by the prosecutors against a first manslaughter sentence.
He killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting her several times through a door of the toilet cubicle in his home in Pretoria.
Pistorius claimed that he thought his girlfriend was a night intruder who was hiding in the cabin.
Prosecutors have announced their intention this time to appeal against Pistorius' six-year prison sentence, which they say is too lenient.
The National Law Enforcement Agency said it would appeal to the Supreme Court of South Africa and the appeal could be heard this year.
Pistorius runs the risk of having his sentence increased to 15 years if the prosecutors are successful.
There is no death penalty in South Africa.
When the farmer Arnold finds a strange egg
The fourth graders from Fützen and Epfenhofen were the last of the Blumberg schools to go on vacation and to secondary schools.
Three of the school leavers will go to grammar school and four to secondary school.
School principal Angelika Sitte welcomed the parents and representatives of the public in the community center Biesental in Epfenhofen on Tuesday evening.
As a symbol for leaving school, the 29 students in the four classes, under the direction of Sophia Schumacher and Regine Meder, chose a young eagle who grows up in the henhouse but is then released into freedom.
In addition, the lively crowd performed a musical entitled "The eagle in the chicken yard".
Farmer Arnold found a strange egg and let his chickens hatch it.
Instead of a chicken, a little eagle came out.
But the hope of making a chicken out of him was dashed, the eagle spread its wings on a high mountain and vanished.
After that, classes three and four showed a chicken dance in Yvonne Frank's rehearsal.
The hens danced in competition with the young roosters who wore top hats.
The eagle stands for integration, said headmistress Angelika Sitte.
The young animal is different from the other young animals (chicks), but it is one of them.
But he'll never be like a chicken.
His destiny is to be free.
She wished every fourth grader that they felt accepted in their new school.
This was followed by a word of thanks to the colleagues, the former headmaster Michael Müller, who always helps out when there is a lesson, and the parents' representatives.
The chick time is now over, said class teacher Sophia Schumacher.
She is very reluctant to fire her students after two years of teaching because it was a really great time.
In the end, she could rely on the fourth graders.
At the end, all students played a song about summer and vacation time.
The children were very happy.
Eight first graders have already registered for the new school year.
Two Bulgarians arrested for illegal camping in Greece
Two Bulgarians have been detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said, quoted on television.
On the morning of August 1st, police arrested a group of illegally camping people in Sithonia, including the two Bulgarians.
They were released the same day while an investigation is ongoing.
The Foreign Ministry told bTV that the Bulgarians were later released.
The Greek authorities have tightened controls on free camping and are imposing substantial fines on anyone found to stay in a place not intended for that purpose.
The controls will continue throughout the season.
The ministry said the court can impose a fine.
Software update for diesel vehicles: what those affected now need to know
How exactly does the software update take place?
Do diesel drivers have to take part in the campaign?
The most important questions and answers at a glance.
At the Diesel Summit, BMW, Daimler, Opel and the VW Group offered software updates for a total of around 5.3 million cars.
They are intended to improve the emission behavior of cars in the Euro 5 and partially Euro 6 emission classes.
Euro 4 diesel or worse are excluded.
Anja Smetanin from ACE Auto Club Europa gives an assessment:
Is the new promotion mandatory?
No, the negotiated software updates are voluntary.
"The mandatory updates previously only apply to vehicles that have cheat software," says Anja Smetanin.
The Federal Motor Transport Authority (KBA) ordered their retrofitting.
How and when will customers be informed about updates?
The manufacturers have announced rapid implementation in the next few months, but have not yet given an exact date.
Daimler has announced that it will write to everyone affected.
If an inspection is due anyway, it will be done within the framework of the inspection.
How long should the retrofits take in total?
"Hard to say," says Smetanin.
That depends on the commitment of the manufacturers and on political pressure.
"Because we have seen that car manufacturers have not yet acted voluntarily when it comes to the environment."
How long should the update take?
The conversion itself could only take three to four hours in the workshop.
It could be more time-consuming to get an appointment.
What do drivers who do not drive a BMW, Daimler, Opel or VW group do?
The ACE advises you to wait and see.
Foreign manufacturers would probably follow suit, according to Smetanin.
Is there a threat of a massive drop in the price of Euro 4 cars?
The ACE fears that.
But just in the regions where driving bans threaten.
In rural areas there has so far been no loss of value for older diesels.
The ACE advises to wait and see before a sale.
LL Cool J receives Kennedy Center Award
The Kennedy Awards Gala is one of the most glamorous events in Washington.
The first award ceremony under President Trump promises to be political.
One of the winners does not want to come - out of protest.
LL Cool J (49) is the first rapper to receive one of the coveted awards from the renowned Kennedy Center.
As the cultural institution announced on Thursday, singer Gloria Estefan (59), Lionel Richie (68) as well as choreographer Carmen de Lavallade (86) and TV producer Norman Lear (95) are among the honored this year.
The awards will be presented at the beginning of December.
Traditionally, US President Donald Trump will hold a reception and attend the award ceremony together with his wife Melania.
The prizewinner Lear, who has become known for his progressive TV series, has therefore already announced that he will not attend the gala.
He told the New York Times: "This presidency has chosen to completely neglect the arts and human rights - even to deprive them of the means - and that weighs me down."
59-year-old Estefan stressed that she would use the conversation with Trump to make her point of view clear.
The Kennedy Center, named after former President John F. Kennedy, is the largest cultural institution in the US capital.
Past winners include Meryl Streep, Aretha Franklin, Robert De Niro, George Lucas, Tom Hanks, and Sting.
We make the city worth living in
Roland Wacker, Haslach's city architect, will retire next year.
The position has already been advertised, but suitable applicants are rare.
Wacker has been a city architect for 31 years.
And he still enjoys the work a lot, as he conveyed in the press conference.
He reports on varied but also demanding tasks that await his successor.
At the same time, he is surprised that no application has yet met the requirements profile.
The city is looking for an architect or civil engineer as soon as possible.
So - taking into account the regular notice periods - there should still be enough time for training.
Since Haslach acts as the subordinate building law authority for the administrative community, the applicant must show relevant qualifications.
Because the city definitely wants to keep this function.
If she were no longer able to fill this out, citizens would have to go to Offenburg for advice.
But proximity to the citizens is important to the city and to himself, says Wacker, who reports a good working atmosphere and a good mood between the authorities and the citizens.
In more than 30 years in office, a number of significant projects have accumulated that Wacker can look back on with pride.
"We're making the city worth living in," he is sure of the building authority and his employees.
But also in the future, varied projects are on the agenda: The redesign of the former Hukla area and the Niederhofen car park, for example, have been initiated.
The Kinzigbrücke between Bollenbach and Steinach is being renewed, and the stadium renovation is still an issue.
The latter alone will cost around 1.5 million euros, "if we get it right," Wacker estimates.
"All in all, there are great tasks waiting for my successor.
It's fun to work here. "
In terms of design, there is a great deal of leeway for a city architect.
With Haslach's own building yard and nursery, many things can be responded to in a very flexible manner.
"You can move a lot," says Wacker, and the design of the green spaces is often praised by citizens and visitors.
Since the old town as an ensemble is under monument protection, it is important "to keep an eye on what fits in" when new buildings are approved, emphasizes the outgoing city architect.
In any case, the city builder bears a great deal of responsibility.
He is the client, "in the end everything runs through my desk".
He can count on long-term employees for support and coordination: Markus Neumaier (building construction) has been with us for ten years, Manfred Schöner (civil engineering) for 15 years.
Wacker also wants his successor to stay for a long time: "We're looking for someone who really identifies with the job and wants to stay."
Because continuity is not only important for a good working atmosphere, but also for the further design of the city.
According to the city of Haslach, anyone wishing to inherit Roland Wacker should have a degree in engineering or a bachelor's degree specializing in architecture and have good specialist knowledge in the areas of building regulations and planning law.
Building and civil engineering, land-use planning, land acquisition matters, management of urban real estate, municipal depot with building yard and urban gardening department as well as lower building rights authority, including monument protection, are subordinate to the city building authority.
Bicycle thrown on cables: southern railway line closed
According to the police, the previously unknown perpetrators had thrown the blue bicycle from the railway overpass in the area of Leobener Strasse (B116) onto the lines.
These were so badly damaged that the approaching freight train had to be stopped.
The investigators assume two male perpetrators and have been looking for them since the night.
Witnesses observed a pink scooter and a bicycle driver near the crime scene.
"That goes far beyond a rascal prank," said ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch to the APA.
The perpetrator or perpetrators would have put themselves in great danger and also endangered train traffic.
In addition to the damage to the locomotive and the system, as well as the minutes of delay and the costs for rail replacement services, the perpetrators could also face penalties from rail customers.
Overall, a "substantial" amount can be assumed, said the spokesman.
The damage was repaired on Friday afternoon, and rail traffic on the southern railway line could be conducted without any hindrances.
Almost ten passenger trains were out on Friday morning, two of which involved long-distance traffic.
Freight trains did not fail, but they were delayed.
According to ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch, around 200 meters of overhead lines had to be replaced.
Isolators and masts were also damaged.
Red meat, dairy products, and chocolate could help relieve IBD (inflammatory bowel disease)
Red meat and chocolate can sound like a nightmare to your digestive system.
But a new study claims just the opposite: a diet high in meat-based proteins and dairy products could relieve symptoms in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
The incurable condition, which affects around 1.3 million in the US and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and gas, recurrent or bloody diarrhea, weight loss and extreme fatigue.
While sufferers are usually advised to avoid meat and dairy products to relieve their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found that the essential amino acid tryptophan in proteins helps develop immune cells that promote tolerant gut.
The lead researcher, Dr. Marco Colonna explained that immune cells patrol the intestines to make sure harmful microbes hiding in food don't invade the body.
Cells capable of causing inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance and protect the body without harming delicate tissues.
Inflammatory bowel disease can result if the balance leans too far towards inflammation.
In experiments it has been found that a type of tolerance-promoting immune cell is found in mice that carry a certain bacterium in their intestines.
And the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the appearance of the cells.
Professor Colonna said, "We have made a link between a type of bacteria - Lactobacillus reuteri - which is a normal part of the gut microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.
The more tryptophan the mice had in their diet, the more of these immune cells they had ".
He suggested that the combination of L. reuteri and a diet rich in tryptophan promote more tolerant, less inflammatory intestinal environments when the same system works in humans.
Postdoc Dr. Luisa Cervantes-Barragan was studying a type of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she found that one group of study mice had such cells, but another group of the same strain, housed separately, did not.
She suggested that the difference had to do with the mice's gut microbiomes - the community of bacteria, viruses, and fungi that normally live in the gastrointestinal tract.
The intestines of the mice were DNA sequenced and six types of bacteria were found that were present in the mice with the immune cells but were absent in the mice without them.
Mice were raised in a sterile environment so that they lacked an intestinal microbiome and did not develop this type of immune cell, and were given the L. reuteri and the immune cells arose.
To understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in a liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without the bacteria - to immature immune cells that were isolated from the mice.
The immune cells developed into tolerance-promoting cells.
When the active component was purified from the liquid, it was found to be a by-product of tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.
When the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice's diet, the number of such cells increased by about 50 percent, but when the tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells decreased by half.
Dr. Cervantes-Barragan explained that humans have the same tolerance-enhancing cells as mice, and that most of us protect L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.
It is not known whether L. reuteri tryptophan byproducts develop cells in humans as they do in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in humans with inflammatory bowel disease.
She said, "The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage because these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestine.
High levels of tryptophan in the presence of L. reuteri can potentially lead to an expansion of this population. "
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United have signed a "genius" in Nemanja Matic
Jose Mourinho believes Nemanja Matic has signed a “genius” at Manchester United after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday night.
Chelsea's £ 40m signature began with a 2-1 win in Dublin, the final preseason game before the UEFA Super Cup against Real Madrid on Tuesday, and impressed as the keeper as the likes of Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira advanced at will.
However, Matic had been banned from the Blues prep Asia tour and only managed 45 minutes, which Mourinho admitted he needed to improve before the Premier League season began.
"He takes time, but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," said Mourinho.
"We'll help him get ready sooner rather than later."
In addition to Matic, Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started at the Aviva Stadium when Mourinho formed his starting XI for the start of the season.
The Independent revealed earlier this week that Mourinho wanted three more signings, but insisted the club had already done a "fantastic job" of fulfilling three of their four priority signings.
"To get three out of four, I thank the club for that," he added.
"I'll be happier if they get four out of four for me, but they tried very hard."
Boeing "paints" Dreamliner in the sky
The US aircraft manufacturer Boeing has painted the silhouette of a Dreamliner in the sky.
The pilots flew from Seattle, Washington, but the drawing began in Marquette, Michigan, and stretched across the United States in the shape of a Dreamliner, several thousand kilometers.
The action lasted 18 hours and a minute.
On the radar screens it was the shape of a Dreamliner.
The whole thing was an endurance test for new engines.
Boeing had advertised this before.
The number "787" and the Boeing logo were painted in the sky.
Another low blow for Martin Schulz - Hanover, we have a problem
How the wind is turning: When Sigmar Gabriel was still head of the SPD, social democratic prime ministers always looked to Berlin with a certain concern before elections.
Just no interference from party headquarters, just no headwind from the federal government - that was the most important wish of the election campaigners.
That has changed fundamentally since Martin Schulz led the party.
Since then, the employees from the Willy Brandt House have been watching the events in the SPD-governed state capitals with growing horror.
What Schulz has got from there since the beginning of the year would not even be described with headwind.
They were low blows.
And one after the other.
After the surprising end of the red-green majority in Lower Saxony, the federal CDU sees a general signal against coalitions of the SPD and the Greens.
"That shows once again: Red-Green simply cannot govern reliably," said CDU General Secretary Peter Tauber to the editorial network Germany (RND).
The surprising fact that a member of the Green Party left the government of Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) plunged into a serious crisis.
Five months before the state elections, his red-green coalition lost its one-vote majority to the opposition from the CDU and FDP.
The Greens federal manager Michael Kellner has asked the renegade Lower Saxony Green MP Elke Twesten to return her mandate.
The move to the CDU means a clear distortion of the will of the voters.
Elke Twesten has to give back her mandate immediately, "said the federal managing director and campaign manager of the Greens to the editorial network Germany (RND).
"It mustn't be true," sighed an SPD campaigner when the new bad news reached the party headquarters on Friday morning.
Stephan Weil, SPD Prime Minister of Lower Saxony, is without a government majority after the Green MP Elke Twesten converts to the CDU.
It is the culmination of a whole series of large and small crises in the SPD state associations.
And nobody knows what's next.
The misery began with the unexpectedly significant defeat in the Saarland election in March.
One black eye, nothing more, the comrades calmed down at the time.
After the state elections in Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia everything will be different.
It was - and everything got much worse.
The defeat in Kiel staggered the SPD, the Düsseldorf bankruptcy knocked out the party.
The comrades struggled to get up again in the weeks that followed.
Then, just as they had found their courage, the G-20 summit in Hamburg came.
And with him came the next low blow.
Mayor Olaf Scholz, the last strong SPD country leader, lost his nimbus that weekend because he was sitting in the Elbphilharmonie while his city was on fire.
And because in the crisis communication afterwards he did pretty much everything wrong that can be done wrong.
Since then, Scholz has been fighting for his political survival.
So now Stephan Weil too.
Because of the VW emissions affair and his role on the supervisory board, the Prime Minister of Lower Saxony has long been criticized.
There were also lousy poll numbers.
In spite of this, or perhaps because of it, Weil has tried more and more in the past few weeks to set accents in the federal government.
The efforts of the former mayor of Hanover to expand his power in Berlin did not go unnoticed by comrades around Martin Schulz.
They let him go as they hoped Weil would stabilize the party.
Now the exact opposite could happen.
Weil is basically not to blame for the internal party dispute between the Lower Saxony Greens.
And certainly not Schulz.
For the time being, the comrades are trying to keep their own ranks closed.
Her anger is directed at the Greens, and especially at the renegade parliamentarian Twesten.
"It is unbearable and damaging to democracy how Ms. Twesten puts her own career interests above the interests of everyone else," says Matthias Miersch, head of the party left in the SPD parliamentary group, the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
Ms. Twesten was not elected to parliament because of her person as a direct candidate, but through the state list of the Lower Saxony Greens, the Lower Saxony MP continued.
The logical consequence would be for her to give back her mandate.
Thomas Oppermann, head of the SPD parliamentary group, complains about an "undemocratic maneuver".
"The will of the voters four years ago was clear: the people made Stephan Weil Prime Minister," says Oppermann, who is leading the Lower Saxony SPD as the top candidate in the federal election, the RND.
"Now the personal career thinking of a future CDU deputy falsifies the election result," said Oppermann.
He asked to clarify the background.
I want to know whether there was more or whether there were further commitments from the Lower Saxony CDU.
Funding for town center III
If you want to renovate your old house, you can soon get support from the state.
Mayor Albert Schindler and three representatives from STEG Stadtentwicklung informed about this on Wednesday in Empfingen.
At the beginning of the information event, Schindler gave another look back at what had happened so far.
There have been redevelopment areas in Empfingen since 1991.
At that time, in redevelopment area I from 1991 to 2004, the state of Baden-Württemberg still assumed two thirds of the funding amount.
In redevelopment area II from 2005 to 2016 the subsidy was still 60 percent.
For Schindler, the renovations to date are a "successful project" - after all, it is important to also promote interior development, and not just to open up new building areas.
On April 4, the Karlsruhe regional council received the information that there will be a redevelopment area III.
The funding amounts to 833,333 euros, of which 500,000 euros come from the state and the rest from the community of Empfingen.
How is a redevelopment area created?
Schindler continues to investigate where the "really old" houses are.
But it also plays a role whether there is any interest in the planned area to renovate.
If necessary, the area boundaries could then shift again.
The STEG represented Martin Keller, Gaby Pietzschmann and Sarah Gotzel on Wednesday evening.
Keller presented the contents of the federal-state program "Socially Integrative City", within the framework of which the renovations would then be carried out.
The core of the program is the revitalization of inner cities, the improvement of living and working conditions and the maintenance and expansion of the infrastructure.
The measures would be carried out object-related, i.e. per property.
The redevelopment area would then finally be established as a statute.
The approval period for the funding has run from January 1, 2017 until April 30, 2026.
However, the inventory would first be carried out by September of this year, during which those involved in the redevelopment area would receive a questionnaire to fill out.
If possible, the resolution of the articles of association should be made in November or December so that renovations can begin in the coming year.
Pietzschmann then stated that every municipality had to carry out the aforementioned preliminary investigations.
It is a matter of assessing the urban development deficiencies and deciding when to renovate and to what extent.
A renovation note is then also entered in the land register for the respective property.
Pietzschmann would come to Empfingen again himself and get an idea of the situation, she promised.
Gotzel emphasized that a key success factor for the project was the participation of those involved.
That is why there will be questionnaires that will be sent to citizens by post in the coming weeks and that can be completed by the end of the summer holidays.
The yellow questionnaire is the "building and property sheet", which, among other things, deals with the structural condition and renovation plans.
In the gray questionnaire, the "household and apartment sheet", information can be given on the size, distribution and residents of a living space.
The blue "company sheet" only needs to be completed if business premises are operated in the building.
However, it should be noted, Gotzel pointed out, that a completed questionnaire is not also an application for funding.
In addition, new construction measures are not eligible.
Schindler also emphasized that the distribution of the funding works according to the "first come, first served" principle.
You cannot "reserve" funds for later.
Finally, photos of the "Ortskern II" project were shown to make a renovation "palatable" to those present.
British inventor sets himself a microchip so that he can get into his home and car with one hand movement
A British inventor is the first in the country to be equipped with a microchip so that he can open his front door, enter his office and even start his car with a flick of the hand.
Steven Northam, 33, had the tiny chip implanted between his thumb and forefinger and is now offering the service for companies and individuals who want to simplify their lives with technology through his company BioTeq.
He met with Dr. Geoff Watson, an anesthesiologist consultant at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, has partnered to ensure that the implant procedure is performed according to medical standards.
The technology is similar to a microchip implanted in cats and dogs and only takes 30 seconds.
Mr Northam's company would also like to modify the locks on houses and cars to be compatible with the chip, all for an additional charge of £ 300 per lock.
The married father of one now has technology built into both his home and his BMW Z4 that begins when his hand is on the wheel.
White House advertising costs cost taxpayers thousands
The White House's decision to fly a Marine helicopter to the South Lawn for an event highlighting American manufacturing last month has cost taxpayers as much as $ 24,000, according to the military, which was given to TIME magazine.
The green and white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is on board, was the centerpiece of the July 17 event at the White House with American construction programs.
President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, and senior White House officials took a tour of products from all 50 states.
The Connecticut-made helicopter was on display alongside a Maine yacht, a Wisconsin fire engine, and a Mississippi forklift truck.
The White House military office requested the helicopter's presence in a fragmentary order, or FRAGO, barely 36 hours before the helicopter landed on South Lawn, according to the records of Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the unit responsible for the operation of the helicopter is responsible.
"I just wanted you to be aware of this because it is such an unusual event with high visibility," the commander of the HMX-1 wrote to his supervisor, the naval deputy aviation commander, on the eve of the event.
The message indicated the helicopter arrived on the South Lawn at around 7 a.m. on July 17 for the 3 p.m. event, and stayed until the lawn was cleared between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. that evening .
The note adds that if the White House departure were to be delayed, a second crew would be required for the return flight due to the limitation in service hours.
The original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while the unit security staff stayed with the aircraft during the time on the ground.
It was not clear from the records made available to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.
The Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.
Records indicate that HMX-1 asked if the event might violate the determination.
"One question we asked was whether it was a violation of the Hatch Act and we were informed that it was not," the commandant wrote.
"Sounds like you're locked," replied the assistant commandant.
The "Made in America" event was designated an official event by the White House and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.
But official events also have political overtones.
At the event, the President kicked off the reform of health care reform that was under way in the Senate and promoted efforts to curb government regulations.
The use of the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically beneficial purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.
Presidents are required to use them for travel.
But requesting their use only for photo op is unusual.
Trump conducted an investigation in February when the presidential plane was taking taxi services amid his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Florida, and his Twitter account is full of reports complaining about his predecessor's use of the presidential plane.
"The White House is excited about the Made In America show - which shows products from all 50 states made by American workers with American materials," said White House Assistant Press Secretary Lindsay Walters.
HMX-1 crews frequently conduct training flights in the Washington area and the South Lawn to drop the U.S. President in the White House with precise centimeters.
When Trump was at the G20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 carried out 58 training landings in the White House.
The flight for the "Made in America" event counted in the flight crew's training needs for the month, an official said.
Helicopter units flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions".
The White House said taxpayers did not bear the burden of any of the other props presented at the event.
A spokesman for Sikorsky said the company was not involved in displaying the helicopter on the South Lawn.
HMX-1 does not keep budget records for the presidential flights and it is difficult to pinpoint the exact cost of the event.
However, according to the U.S. Department of Defense hourly rates for the 2017 fiscal year, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is $ 24,380 per hour of flight.
Unit records record the aircraft's flight time as 30 minutes from the Marine Corps Air Facility's home base in Quantico, Virginia.
The White House argues that the real cost of running the helicopter is well below that rate.
"To base the cost to taxpayers on the reimbursement rate estimates is highly misleading," said Walters.
"These estimates include staff, maintenance, and many other hidden costs that are included in the annual budget."
According to a 2015 RAND study, the reimbursement rates for DoD do not include staff costs, but take into account the cost of fuel, maintenance, and contracting.
At the time, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer was defending the helicopter's use for the event.
"The idea this week is to showcase things that are made in America," said Spicer.
"And I know Sikorsky and the State of Connecticut take great pride in contributing to our national security, and I expect hundreds, if not thousands, of people to depend on it.
And I think, like most Americans, we are all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans have worked tirelessly for.
It is, of course, appropriate to highlight that. "
It wasn't clear if Trump was interacting with the helicopter when he stepped on his tour of the South Lawn for the event, but he sat in the driver's seat of a fire truck.
At the White House, Trump spoke to Sikorsky representatives and joked with the media about his own fleet of company products.
"I know Sikorsky very well," said the President, "I have three of them."
TC BW Neuss facing a tricky task
The leader of the Second Tennis Bundesliga joins the table third in Suchsdorfer SV.
The TC Blau-Weiss Neuss will compete tomorrow from 11 a.m. in Kiel at the table third Suchsdorfer SV.
Despite the flawless record after five games, the front runner of the Second Tennis Bundesliga has retained a sense of reality.
Team boss Marius Zay has respect for the opponent.
"It's a compact team that always plays in a very similar formation.
I think the team is very good, especially in the back positions. "
Imports from the far north ensure class and stability at Suchsdorfer SV.
"Their Danes and Finns can even refer to appearances in the Davis Cup.
And they are also strong in doubles, "says Zay, referring to Harri Heliovaara (Finland), Andre Göransson (Sweden), Sören and Esben Olesen, Martin Pedersen and Andreas Bjerrehus (all Denmark).
"As always, it will be difficult for us.
You also need a good dose of luck. "
The team from Neuss for the trip to the far north is practically in place.
Maxime Janvier could make his debut for blue and white.
If the Frenchman, who is currently still active in the Challenger tournament in Biella, Italy, does not make it to the Bundesliga game, Zdenek Kolar (Czech Republic), who is playing at the tournament in Liberec in the Czech Republic, will make his first appearance this season.
The so far undefeated Chilean Hans Podlipnik-Castillo was yesterday on the ball with the Belarusian Andrei Vasilevski at the ATP tournament in Kitzbühel.
He should be there in Kiel as well as Botic Van de Zandschulp, Niels Lootsma (both from the Netherlands) and the Belgian Julien Cagnina.
After his two victories last Sunday against the club on the Alster, Máté Valkusz could also join the team again.
If it is not enough for the 18-year-old Hungary, who was number one in the junior world rankings in January 2016, someone from the coaching staff around Marius Zay will fill the squad.
How America can harm OMV
Donald Trump did not look really happy when he signed the law to tighten sanctions against Russia on Wednesday evening.
"In its haste to pass the law," Congress wrapped a few "unconstitutional regulations," he said.
The reaction from Moscow was as sharp as expected, and even Brussels foamed against the US advance.
After all, the draft plans to punish European companies that help the Russians to build gas pipelines into the EU.
Since then, investors from the local OMV, which is co-financing the construction of the Russian Baltic Sea pipeline Nord Stream 2 together with other European companies, have been worried.
The threatening backdrop is enormous.
Nevertheless, according to the official statement of the oil company, it is too early to assess the consequences.
In fact, Donald Trump himself would have to bring the sanctions to life by means of an executive order.
There are twelve weapons to choose from.
"The press" looked at which ones the company could fend off and which ones could really hurt it.
Narcos Season 3 Trailer: Without Pablo Escobar, the Cali Cartel will take center stage in the Netflix hit series
Despite the second season of Narcos revealing Pablo Escobar's killers, Netflix's streak is far from over.
Seasons three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the first receiving its first trailer and featuring the show's latest bad guys.
For season three, the DEA has turned its attention to the richest drug trafficking organization in the world: the Cali Cartel.
Led by four powerful godparents, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" only with more government bribes and violent actions.
Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the leader of the cartel, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) is its head, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) heads the Mexican connection, and Chepe Santacruz Londono (Pepe Rapazote) is in New York.
In the newly released trailer, Pedro Pascal returns as Javier Peña, the guy who invites American and Colombian law enforcement agencies to support the war on drugs.
Other new actors are Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe and Arturo Castro.
The third season of Narcos will begin on September 1st.
Roll backwards: the city hires 46 kitchen helpers
The city is again organizing the daycare lunchtime menu itself.
With fixed contact persons for the children and an assignment to the team.
The clock is turned back in the city day care centers.
On September 1st, the city of Krefeld will take over the provision of food in the city's day-care centers on its own.
For Sonja Pommeranz, deputy head of the youth welfare department, this is good news: "We were all very happy".
Cooking continues outside the home: a caterer takes on this task and delivers freshly cooked food.
The city operates 46 day-care centers in the Krefeld area, in 44 the children get a warm meal at lunchtime.
In the past daycare year there were 2,800 children at each table, and the demand is growing steadily.
"In the meantime, not only children who are cared for 45 hours a week eat lunch at the daycare center," explains Pommeranz.
"The offer also applies to 35-hour care if children stay until 2 p.m."
From September 1st, 46 part-time employees will be on kitchen duty: they will warm up the food that has been delivered, add salad, raw vegetables and fruit to it, portion the meal individually, serve the food, clear up, wash and clean the kitchen.
"The employees are permanently assigned to a daycare center," says Pommeranz.
The size - there are two-group as well as seven-group institutions - determines the number of hours.
"The kitchen assistants are now part of the daycare team," says Pommeranz with satisfaction.
"This way they are much more involved and it is easier for the Kita management to implement educational concepts".
Because that's also what it's about: healthy eating and cooking lessons.
"Have the children help prepare the food".
The direct connection of the kitchen worker to the team makes sense.
For the children too.
"They have a well-known force in daycare, a person they are familiar with and not a constantly changing person".
This continuity is important for the children.
The cleaning of the daycare rooms - previously also the task of the kitchen staff - will in future be done by special cleaning staff.
This variant - the separation of cleaning and kitchen service - not only improves the quality of the kitchen service, but also has the charm that it turned out to be the most economical for the city in a cost comparison between self-management and outsourcing, according to the press office.
And this despite the fact that 46 new part-time employees are being hired.
"But these hours are not that important for around 750 people in the education sector," says Sonja Pommeranz.
Afghan democracy depends on the political role of women, says the UN
Elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, have a role to play, said the head of the UN mission in Afghanistan on Wednesday.
Nicholas Haysom, acting head of the United Nations mission, said hundreds of women will run for council elections in the provinces. Three women are running for the role of Vice President and more than 30 percent of the newly registered voters are women.
"The role of women cannot be overestimated," he said in a statement on Wednesday.
Elections can only be truly representative and credible if women participate fully and are involved in all parts of the electoral process.
Afghan provincial council and presidential elections will be held on April 5th.
The Taliban have issued threats against an election process that coincide with the transition from international fighting to an advisory role.
This year, for the first time, power will be passed peacefully from one democratically elected government to the next.
Haysom said a strong role for women will enhance Afghanistan's democratic success.
The Afghan Independent Electoral Commission reports that 1.2 million women are registered out of a total of 3.6 million registered voters.
Hike for the TV anniversary
On the occasion of its 110th anniversary, the TV Kaiseringen invites you to a short hike followed by coffee and cake.
The hike starts on Sunday, July 9th, at 1 p.m. in Frohnstetten at the water reservoir in Amerikastrasse.
From there it goes to the airfield, to the adder and via the Waldhof back to the water reservoir.
The hike takes about an hour and a half.
Afterwards there is coffee, cake, cool drinks, string sausages and cheese rolls in the school building in Kaiseringen.
If you need a lift from Kaiseringen to Frohnstetten: the meeting point is in Kaiseringen at the school.
Men try to rob 13 year old girl
Two young men, aged 19 and 23, are said to have tried to rob a 13-year-old girl on Thursday.
According to information from the police, the men spoke to the 13-year-old, who was with friends on Kolpingstrasse, at around 2:55 p.m. because they wanted to make a call on the girl's cell phone.
The 13-year-old declined the request and went on with her friends.
One of the perpetrators then tried to grab the girl's cell phone and necklace, but this failed.
The duo fled with no prey.
The two young men were later arrested by the police.
The investigation is ongoing.
GMB concerns over investment in McVitie's Glasgow factory
A union wants managers at biscuit maker McVitie to make sure they have a long-term commitment to production at their Glasgow facility.
GMB Scotland said the company has remained silent about the future of investing at the Tollcross site.
More than 500 employees work in the factory, which, among other products, makes Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits.
McVity's owner Pladis said he has invested more than £ 5 million in the past few years.
He added that employees and union representatives would be "the first to know" if their activities changed.
In a letter to the company's branch manager, GMB Scotland urged McVitie's to "express concerns that funding for the modernization of production lines is not being advanced".
GMB Senior Organizer Drew Duffy said: "The fact that we are unable to gain clarity from the General Site Manager about Tollcross' s business needs and investment plans for the future affects our members deeply.
Generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the greater Glasgow area, an important pillar of decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social disadvantage.
Hence, from the perspective of jobs, wages and wealth, and in the context of Brexit, the rising cost of living and chronic production decline, the east end of Glasgow desperately needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie ”.
A Pladis spokeswoman said: "The store manager at Tollcross just received a letter from GMB Scotland yesterday and the company will respond immediately as we appreciate the continued commitment of employees and union representatives.
Two months ago we had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross, at which some questions were openly discussed.
We discussed with the employees that, like all companies that operate in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we are constantly reviewing our business - and this applies to all of our divisions and locations - in order to remain competitive.
She added, "In the past few years we have invested more than £ 5 million in our Tollcross facility, particularly in production lines and operational improvements.
We fully recognize the legacy of Tollcross as a manufacturing facility. Should our operations at the site change, employees and their union representatives will be the first to know. "
Did PSG Barcelona warn about Neymar three years ago?
La Liga side may regret their interest in Marco Verratti
Paris Saint-Germain won't let up in their pursuit of Neymar after they made a £ 189million offer to trigger its release clause, but did you warn Barcelona about the world record heist three years ago?
The sensational approach fueled the summer transfer window as the Ligue 1 club poised to break the world record by more than double the previous mark, with Paul Pogba returning to Manchester United for £ 89million last season.
Upon termination, Neymar will become the most expensive player in the world and the highest paid professional athlete in the world. PSG offers wages in excess of £ 500,000 per week.
Barcelona are furious with the way Neymar forced their way out, despite a source close to the Catalans board of directors insisting the club have always done their best to keep themselves comfortable since arriving from Santos in 2013 to take care of him.
But was the football world warned of this prospect by the PSG president three years ago?
When Manchester City expressed interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning to any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.
"I'm not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players then we will be in opposition to them, we will contact their players," said Al-Khelaifi.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to get one of our players to sign it, there will be consequences. "
Barcelona appear to have crossed that line, with the Spanish club expressing interest in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
PSG made it clear that they would not allow the international from Italy to leave under any circumstances and Barcelona could feel the consequences of that interest by losing one of their price offers on Neymar.
Scooter overturned and damaged
In the night from Friday to Saturday, an unknown perpetrator deliberately knocked over a scooter parked in Königsfelder Strasse in front of property number 30, causing property damage of over 200 euros to the paneling of the vehicle.
The Schramberg police, phone 07422/27 01-0, asks for information.
The police are looking for witnesses to an accident on the B 215 between Stolzenau and Leese.
Because a car was coming towards him in his lane, the driver of a VW Touran had to swerve and hit the guardrail.
On Thursday evening, the 34-year-old from Rehburg-Loccum was driving his VW around 7.55 p.m. on the B 215 coming from Stolzenau in the direction of Leese.
In the area of the bypass around Stolzenau, a car came towards him in his lane, so that he had to swerve to the right.
The Touran driver touched the guardrail.
Property damage occurred to the car.
The driver of the oncoming car, a Mercedes Benz, had overtaken a truck and continued on its way without worrying about the traffic accident.
According to the accident victim, it may well be that the Mercedes driver did not even notice the accident.
The police are now asking witnesses to the incident as well as the driver of the polluter vehicle to contact the police station in Stolzenau on tel. 05761/92060.
Interview: "Domspatzen report exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger"
The Regensburger Domspatzen report on the abuse cases exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger.
This is what author and historian Michael Hesemann thinks.
The final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen continues to cause discussions.
Christian Weisnder, spokesman for the reform movement "We are Church", told the German Press Agency that he was expecting the former Regensburg bishop and today's Cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Müller and the cathedral music director Georg Ratzinger, the 93-year-old brother of Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI ., an apology.
It would serve the reputation of the Catholic Church very much if Müller and Ratzinger expressed their deep regrets about their own omissions or their incorrect assessment of the events at the time.
The Vatican newspaper "Osservatore Romano", on the other hand, criticized the fact that reports on violence among the cathedral sparrows were measured with "double standards".
With regard to the attacks in Regensburg, nobody doubts that they are "shameful and shameful acts" that must be punished and prevented in the future; What is striking, however, is the "degree of media manipulation", according to the author Lucetta Scaraffia, historian and member of the Italian national bioethics committee.
"The habit of calling the Catholic Church the source of all evil is already part of everyday experience and prepares public opinion to consider this normal," writes Scaraffia.
Princess Gloria von Thurn und Taxis also said in an interview with Bayerischer Rundfunk: "People like to go to church and that is a hit."
She also pointed out that in her youth, "beating was a perfectly normal educational tool" "to deal with cheeky children like me".
She found it unfair to apply today's standards to earlier decades because the world has changed.
In connection with the reports on the abuse cases, Pope brother Georg Ratzinger often appeared.
Completely wrongly, says author and historian Michael Hesemann, who wrote the commemorative volume "My Brother the Pope" with Ratzinger (translated into 12 languages).
"I have to protect Georg Ratzinger," says Hesemann, "because none of that had anything to do with him," he says of the results of the final report.
What exactly is in the 440-page report submitted by Ulrich Weber, the lawyer commissioned by the Regensburg diocese to clarify the matter?
A total of 547 Regensburg cathedral sparrows were victims of attacks between 1945 and the beginning of the 1990s "with high plausibility", and 67 cathedral sparrows were sexually abused.
The final report says about Georg Ratzinger, who worked in Regensburg from 1964 to 1994: "In summary, it can be said that Domkapellmeister R. used forms of physical and psychological violence in many cases.
The punishment for the students could also be more severe, especially when the emotional level was high.
Nevertheless, in contrast to numerous other accused, it is noticeable that many victims value R.'s general humanity and therefore even associate positive memories with him in numerous cases despite violence ".
In an interview, Hesemann explains why the final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen exonerates Georg Ratzinger in his opinion.
Mr. Hesemann, the 440-page report on the "incidents of violence being exercised against wards among the Regensburger Domspatzen" gives a contradicting picture of cathedral music director Georg Ratzinger.
On the one hand, many students emphasize his "humanity".
On the other hand, he also appears as a choleric and perfectionist, who was often palpable when a cathedral sparrow did not perform well musically.
As his biographer, how do you rate this final report?
Michael Hesemann: If you take the trouble and read the entire 440-page report from cover to cover, you have to ask yourself why the name Georg Ratzinger even appears in it.
Only eight pages are devoted to him and he is clearly acquitted of any suspicion of complicity or complicity in the terrible cases of sexual abuse.
The excesses of violence at the preschool also occurred outside of his sphere of influence.
At best one can reproach him for having found out about it too late or for not having taken first hints seriously enough.
The Domspatzengymnasium, where he worked, was perceived by practically all those questioned as - literally - "redemption", "heaven" and "better world".
The vast majority of his students Georg Ratzinger gave an excellent testimonial, describing him as "warm-hearted", "popular", "sincere", "competent" and "understanding", as an extremely good-natured teacher who regularly served the boys with cake , Biscuits and sweets and was "always surrounded by grapes from children".
Only a minority complains about his perfectionism and his high emotionality, which sometimes led to outbursts of anger.
Years ago, he admitted, deeply regretted and apologized that he not only slammed chairs and threw the bunch of keys on the floor, but also slapped the ears and pulled overly cheeky boys by the hair or ears.
In order to save his honor, however, it must be said that such educational methods were widespread in the period in question, the 1960s and 1970s, among parents as well as teachers.
Do you still know such methods of punishment?
Of course, I think all of us who were born before 1968.
I also experienced that in a secular school, a state high school.
Compared to what this report is actually about, namely the appalling sexual abuse and excesses of violence in preschool, these are of course trivial.
One wonders whether it is not more because of his fame and his role as brother of Benedict XVI. has to do with the fact that a lot of the media pounced on him.
Many people who have never understood him are still busy working on the Bavarian Pope.
But the truth is: The report exonerates Georg Ratzinger in every respect!
There was a great deal of media coverage in connection with the report on the subject of abuse among the Regensburger Domspatzen.
Is Georg Ratzinger accused of any involvement or complicity with regard to sexual abuse in the final report?
Michael Hesemann: Clearly no.
Not a single one of the 67 victims of sexual assault claims to have confided in the cathedral music director.
Even the parents weren't informed.
"I never dared talk to my father or mother about it," said one person affected on behalf of the others, "I was very embarrassed."
The real problem with solving sexual abuse has always been that most victims keep silent out of shame.
If they didn't even confide in their parents and siblings, then it was definitely not a choir director who would have been a colleague of the perpetrators, so to speak.
How do the Domspatzen students rate Ratzinger's role with regard to cases of abuse?
Michael Hesemann: A student interviewed put it this way: "Regarding sexual abuse ... I don't see ... any case in which he (Georg Ratzinger) of all people would have had timely knowledge and could have stopped the respective perpetrator.
I think it ... also really absurd to assume that, of all people ... boys opened up to him more emphatically, more clearly or even more than to their parents, boarding school directors, trust teachers, etc.
Talking to him about sex ... - unthinkable. "
The report thus comes to the very clear result: "The fact that the affected students and / or their environment confided in him beforehand could not be confirmed in the course of the investigation".
Regarding sexual abuse, Georg Ratzinger is to be absolved of any complicity.
He cannot be accused of not preventing him or having brought him to justice.
Hence, there is no reason to associate one's good name with these hideous crimes, as has unfortunately happened in some cases.
There was a lot to be read in the media about "excesses of violence" among the Regensburger Domspatzen.
The former cathedral music director Georg Ratzinger is accused of "looking away" in the report.
Does he have to live with this accusation?
Michael Hesemann: That is the big problem that in the reporting everything was mixed up and mixed up into a huge mélange of sexual abuse and excesses of violence and somewhere in the middle, Georg Ratzinger.
But that is again an abuse of the report.
There is a clean separation: between the preschool and the Domspatzen high school, between sexual abuse and excesses of violence and, let's say, other allegations.
In addition, the report deals with incidents from the time since 1945, i.e. also from four decades in which Georg Ratzinger was not the choirmaster of the Domspatzen.
The whole horrific whipping pedagogy, the cases in which boys were downright bullied and maltreated by sadistic teachers and suffered terribly as a result, all took place in the preschool in Etterzhausen and Pielenhofen, where really scandalous conditions must have prevailed.
But cathedral music director Georg Ratzinger had nothing to do with them, because he only saw the boys when they were already at the Domspatzengymnasium.
As most of the witnesses emphasize, the topic of "preschool" was taboo.
One was just happy to have escaped it and enjoyed the so much better treatment and for many even "paradisiacal" conditions.
What was different at the Domspatzengymnasium?
Michael Hesemann: There was discipline, but no sadistic violence.
And that also applies to Georg Ratzinger, for whom the report comes to the conclusion that "many victims appreciated the general humanity of R. and therefore even associated positive memories with him in numerous cases despite violence".
At most, the accusation remains of looking the other way.
But despite all efforts, the report could only define two periods of time in which it was told about the conditions at the preschool.
The first time in 1970/71, when he was just beginning to establish himself and (according to the witness) did not want to hear anything about the events at a school where he was not working and was not responsible, and then again around 1993.
Did Georg Ratzinger consistently shut his ears to the conditions?
Michael Hesemann: No, because in 1989 he wrote a letter to the director of the Domspatzengymnasium, which the report even reproduces.
In it he points out that "corporal punishment will continue to be practiced in preschool".
Given the danger of negative press releases, he recommended urgent action.
That was, of course, at a time when there was legal clarity, when corporal punishment had long been banned in Bavaria.
Before that, they happened in a legal gray area, as we all remember.
It was also difficult for him to assess where those affected were perhaps exaggerating or dramatizing and where the permissible limit had really been exceeded.
But you can't say that he always looked the other way.
That's just not true.
It wasn't until 1980 that corporal punishment was officially abolished in schools in Bavaria.
Princess Gloria von Thurn und Taxis claimed that it was unfair to apply today's educational standards to the time.
How do you see it
Michael Hesemann: We historians talk about the "pitfall of anachronism", that is, the danger of evaluating the past according to today's moral standards.
The princess is right there.
But of course that does not apply to sexual abuse, which has been horrific at all times, and also not to the disgusts and violence that were perpetrated on innocent children's souls in preschool, which goes far beyond what was customary at the time.
This is all really terrible and I am glad that it is finally being dealt with.
But at the same time I have to protect Georg Ratzinger, because none of that had anything to do with him.
His means of disciplining and punishing, slapping the face and pulling the hair and ears, were widespread in the 1970s.
When corporal punishment was banned, he strictly adhered to it.
What image of his time in Regensburg did Georg Ratzinger give in the conversations with you for the book "My Brother the Pope"?
Did the subject of corporal punishment also come up?
Michael Hesemann: Well, the book is about the life of his brother Joseph, Pope Benedict XVI, told from his perspective, the cathedral sparrows only played a minor role.
Still, I'm by no means hiding the fact that he ran a strict regime there.
But that too has to be said once: Without this perfectionism, without the demand for unconditional discipline, it would hardly have been possible for him to turn the until then nationally known Regensburger Domspatzen into a world-class institution, true cultural ambassadors of Europe and its musical tradition, who went on tour twice in the USA (1983 and 1987) and Japan (1988 and 1991).
With biscuits and candy alone you don't turn stubborn boys into great singers and face every success, regardless of the field, but always discipline, passion and self-conquest.
What kind of person did you experience Georg Ratzinger as during the conversations about your book?
Michael Hesemann: Working on the book and beyond, I really got to know Georg Ratzinger very well and experienced time and again as a wonderful, humorous, kind, deeply believing and kind-hearted person, one of whom you can not imagine being just one Fly could hurt something.
I regularly hear how many former cathedral sparrows are still in regular contact with him today, 23 years after his retirement, visiting him, reading to him - he is almost blind - and treating him like a member of their family.
Those who to this day do not forgive him for being strict with them are clearly in the minority.
Most cathedral sparrows are grateful to him today for enriching their lives and bringing them closer to the world of music.
And that he was always a good, fatherly teacher - a strict father, of course, that may be - but also a lovable, respectful person whom they still look up to today and who they almost adore.
And please, once again very clearly: Everything that is accused of him are educational methods that were the order of the day at the time.
We can be happy that we have long since overcome this period.
But it is highly unfair to make a man a media scapegoat just because he is prominent and has an even more prominent brother.
The evil intent behind it is all too evident.
Because the report that has just been published exonerates him.
Now decency would dictate that a 93-year-old man, who has done a great job and without whom no one outside Bavaria and perhaps Germany would know the Regensburger Domspatzen, would finally leave in peace.
