Father Józef Witko: I saw Jesus in a white robe
He is a charismatic.
At the masses he celebrated for deliverance and healing draw crowds.
He was in his teens when inexplicable things began to happen in his life.
Today, through the Franciscan, others experience it.
At Masses celebrated by Fr Witko for deliverance and healing draw crowds
Once the parents of a 7-month-old baby who had a 7.5 mm hole in his heart came to him.
It was going to be operated on.
Father Józef Witko prayed over him.
On the same day the boy was taken to hospital for surgery.
The astonished doctors said: "No surgery is needed, the defect is only 1.5 mm."
The parents cried with happiness.
After another Franciscan prayer, the hole was completely gone.
The priest began to experience the amazing activities of the Creator as a teenager.
In his dreams, the souls in Purgatory came to him asking for help.
I was awakened at night and rushed to pray for the dead and those who were dying at the moment - he recalls.
He also experienced the presence of an evil spirit.
And he had a vision of what happens to a man who commits a mortal sin.
“My body began to change.
I lost my human qualities and started to look like an animal, ”he says.
An invisible force lifted him up, he couldn't make his voice out.
He felt lost.
Then God showed him help.
"Immersed in the waters of the river that symbolizes baptism, I was set free and returned to human form ...", he says.
He didn't tell anyone about these strange experiences.
A vocation matured in him.
He was 16 when he joined the Franciscans.
In his sermons, he didn't just want to talk about Jesus.
He wanted people to experience Him alive.
Members of the charismatic community of Renewal in the Holy Spirit
Many people who hope to get rid of the disease participate in the healing masses celebrated by Father Witko.
However, the clergyman emphasizes that their main goal is spiritual, not bodily healing.
The first defeat of Kolping by FRAC Jarosław
This afternoon (September 26 this year) the team of Kolping FRAC deservedly succumbed to the current Polish Darts champion Bogoria Grodzisk Mazowiecki in the 3rd round of the LOTTO Table Tennis Super League.
The Jaroslawians in the personal set they presented with the inhabitants of Grodzisk have little chance of winning against the sovereigns of the league.
It was clearly shown by the duel with Dartom Bogoria.
The team is still missing Chen Jingqi, who was called the leader of the team.
Perhaps with him in the squad of Jarosław would have achieved the third consecutive triumph in the new season.
The young Asian Qiyao Han probably has not yet matured to win with such greats as the Greek Panagiotis Gionis or the Czech Pavel Sirucek.
Not even with one of the most promising Poles, Marek Badowski.
The competitor from Hellas was the biggest star of the duel in the MOSiR hall at ul. Sikorski in Jarosław.
Both against Qiyao Hanen and Kou Lei, he was in a class of his own.
After three matches, Kolping FRAC was leading 2: 1.
Kou Lei probably beat Marek Badowski, and Daniel Górak after an exciting, five-set match - Pavel Sirucka.
But then it got worse.
Gionis did not give Lea a chance.
One could still hope to win for two points, but Qiyao Han did not match Badowski.
There will be no additional tests for seniors.
Why?
As announced by Rafał Trzaskowski, a free preventive screening program for seniors aged 70 and 80 was to be introduced in Warsaw.
However, the idea will not be implemented as it has not been approved by the Ministry of Health and its subordinate Agency for the Protection of Medical Technology and Tariffs.
In the justification, the agency explained that the target group was wrongly selected.
"The above activities may even result in the detection of individual disease entities, which may contribute to the deepening of difficulties in accessing NHF services and have a negative impact on the patient, causing anxiety and discomfort associated with a false positive test result", it was written.
The president of the capital does not understand the ministry's decision.
“The money is ours, we foresee the money for it.
Only the government is afraid that if people get tested, they will later see a doctor, which is absurd, because the point is to lead to a situation where prophylaxis can be done faster.
All specialists know that it helps when it comes to the burden on the health system, because it helps in the quick detection of diseases and in a reliable approach to health.
The government has a very strange position here, which I don't understand, ”said Rafał Trzaskowski.
"It's hard for me to imagine that expert experts say: Let's not get tested, because there will be longer lines at the doctor's office, and if such specialists advise the government, I am not surprised that the health service is in this condition," added the PO politician.
Palestine responds to Israel: We will break all existing agreements
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced on Thursday at a session of the UN General Assembly that he would break all agreements made with Israel if the country's future government tries to fulfill Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement to annex occupied Palestinian lands.
"If the future government of Israel that comes into existence proceeds to implement this plan, we will void all signed agreements (with Israel) and withdraw from all commitments made," he announced.
"We will reject the whole plan completely and completely," insisted Abbas.
“It is our duty to defend all our rights by all means possible - no matter what the consequences will be - by fully engaging in the application of international law and the fight against terrorism, said the President of the Palestinian Authority, who had already made similar declarations in July.
Netanyahu, the current prime minister of Israel, was again given the mission of forming a government after the elections on September 17.
A week before the elections, he announced that if he wins, he will announce the annexation of the Jordan Valley and intend to incorporate all Jewish settlements throughout the West Bank into Israel.
In the early 1990s, Israel and the Palestinians, led by Yasser Arafat at the time, signed a series of peace agreements sponsored by the United States.
The 84-year-old Abbas also promised to hold general elections in Palestinian lands during a session of the UN General Assembly.
The last ones took place in 2006.
"After returning home, I will be calling local elections in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem, and all those who oppose them will have to answer for their actions to God and the international community," the Palestinian president solemnly declared.
Abbas also defended in his speech the rights of Palestine, treated as a permanent observer in the United Nations, to exercise the powers of "full members of the United Nations and all its organs and institutions."
The Palestinian leader concluded his speech by calling on the international community to "compel Israel to comply with the provisions of the United Nations".
Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon responded briefly to Abbas's speech by declaring that the Palestinian leader "would rather focus at the United Nations on the Palestinian Authority's efforts against Israel than fight against calls for terrorism in the Autonomy under his leadership."
Danon, the agencies report, did not, however, refer to Netanyahu's announcement of the annexation of the occupied Palestinian lands.
Rescuers want defibrillators in critical points in Przemyśl
The border crossing story shows that an automatic AED defibrillator can save lives.
The Provincial Ambulance Station in Przemyśl wants such devices to be located in key points of the city.
For their attitude, the officers received congratulatory diplomas from the Provincial Ambulance Station in Przemyśl.
Trainee Daniel Cyrnek, senior trainee Grzegorz Bal and commissioner Jacek Wójcik are officers of the Podkarpackie Customs and Tax Office in Przemyśl.
On August 28, they were on duty at the Polish-Ukrainian border crossing in Medyka. An officer of the Customs and Tax Service noticed a lying unconscious man in the pedestrian zone.
A Chinese activist died in custody as a result of torture.
He wanted to take advantage of the rights guaranteed by the constitution
Cao Shuxia, the activist's wife, was called on September 23 by the secretary of the Communist Party in her home village to announce that her husband had just died at a military hospital in Hengyang.
What was the cause of death - he did not disclose.
In the morgue, Cao saw her husband's body massacred, unrecognizable.
"His eyes, ears, nose and mouth were covered in blood," says the woman.
"They wouldn't let me take my cell phone with them, and there were a lot of policemen around who didn't let Wang get close."
The police pressed her to sign a declaration stating that her husband was seriously ill and died as a result of an "accident".
PLN 105 million for video game companies from the National Center for Research and Development
Almost PLN 105 million in funding will go to companies from the gaming industry, creating innovative solutions.
The National Center for Research and Development announced on Friday the results of the 3rd edition of the GameINN program.
Among nearly 30 projects supported by the NCBR, there were, among others development of a platform for creating field games based on the AR game engine creating a map of the real world together with an application enabling data transfer by users; a test and training platform for the verification of practical skills in the workplace and professional development using VR and AI technologies; an innovative game simulating the management of real production processes using an innovative gameplay model based on the interaction of the virtual world with the real world using the concept of industry 4.0 - reported in the NCBR release sent to PAP on Friday.
The goal of the GameINN sector program is to increase the competitiveness of the Polish sector of video game producers on the global market by 2023.
According to NCBR, the Polish video game sector is already growing at a rate of 10 percent. annually.
According to government data, the value of the Polish video game market in 2016 amounted to PLN 1.85 billion, while the forecast for 2019 is 2.23 billion.
"The specially prepared research agenda of GameINN and the support for entrepreneurs reaching PLN 300 million under this sector program constitute a significant impulse for further, dynamic growth of the Polish gamedev," reads the release.
The video game industry is an excellent example of the effective use of the potential that we have in Poland.
"The incentives introduced by the government for entrepreneurs focusing on innovation, such as R&amp;D allowances, competence improvement programs, IP box or support programs implemented by the NCBR, drive the innovative activity of companies and allow them to compete more effectively on a very competitive market," says the Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of science and higher education Jarosław Gowin, quoted in the release.
The head of the Ministry of Science points out that money for innovations not only goes to innovators in the form of project co-financing, but also remains in their pockets - three-fourths more entrepreneurs benefited from the R&amp;D tax relief in 2018 than a year earlier.
“The amount of deducted costs related to R&amp;D activity amounted to PLN 1.7 billion, which resulted in over PLN 300 million of savings for companies benefiting from this relief.
This is the equivalent of the support provided by the NCBR in three editions of GameINN, ”emphasizes the Deputy Prime Minister.
Director of the NCBR, Dr. Eng. Wojciech Kamieniecki recalls that in the two previous competitions, funding with a total value of over PLN 211.2 million was awarded to 78 innovative projects.
The huge interest in the 3rd competition and the variety of submitted applications show that the video games industry has ideas and competences to further develop and increase its competitive advantages.
"It is especially pleasing that among the selected projects - as in previous editions - there are projects related to solutions not only for entertainment, but also related to industry 4.0", he adds.
In the third GameINN competition, entrepreneurs, consortia of entrepreneurs and consortia of entrepreneurs with scientific units could apply for funding of up to PLN 20 million.
The National Center for Research and Development received 87 applications for the total amount of funding of approximately PLN 317 million.
At the time the competition was announced, the budget of the competition was PLN 100 million, but it was increased, thanks to which 27 projects were awarded almost PLN 105 million in funding.
Detailed information on the results of the 3rd GameINN competition is available at ncbr.gov.pl.
The GameINN sector program is implemented under the Intelligent Development Operational Program.
NCBR launched the program in 2016 in response to the initiative of entrepreneurs associated in the Polish Games Agreement, which includes, among others companies such as CD Projekt, Techland, CI Games, Bloober Team or 11 bit studios.
Lamine Diaby-Fadiga confessed to stealing Kasper Dolberg's watch
The incident took place on September 16.
Dolberg, who traveled from Ajax Amsterdam to Nice at the end of August, realized after training that his watch had disappeared from the locker room.
Not just any, because it's worth 70,000 euros.
The angry Dane did not appear the next day, explaining that he had stomach problems.
The case was puzzling from the very beginning.
The players in the changing room have private safes at their disposal, and the club area is monitored.
According to AFP, Diaby-Fadiga finally confessed to theft.
The 18-year-old has already apologized to Dolberg and other teammates and coach Patrick Vieira.
He also promised the Dane to return the money for the watch.
Diaby-Fadiga is one of the most promising footballers of the young generation in France.
He came to Nice at the age of thirteen, to make his debut in the first team three years later.
This season he played in seven games.
He recently signed a professional contract, but according to the newspaper L'Equipe, the club is likely to terminate it with immediate effect.
So far, he has instituted disciplinary proceedings against his player.
Nice, at least officially, declines to comment on this.
Make sure you wash your hands well
We all know that you need to wash them (e.g. when you come home or before a meal).
But not everyone knows that to actually get rid of germs, you have to do it the right way.
This is especially important now, when autumn infections are looming.
It takes at least 30-40 seconds for washing to sufficiently remove harmful bacteria and viruses from our hands
And yet most of us wash them shorter!
All you need is warm water and ordinary soap - it is not true that it has to be antibacterial (many doctors advise against it).
When washing, we rub not only the backs and backs of the hands, but also: the tips of the fingers (joined together or individually) - rub them in circular movements against the inside of the other hand, the spaces between the fingers (intertwine the hands, rubbing the fingers together), thumbs - we cover each thumb with the other hand and in such an embrace we shoot it right and left for a moment.
In an emergency (when you cannot wash your hands), you should wipe your hands with a wet tissue, and then use an antibacterial gel (in drugstores, from PLN 5).
After using the public toilet, do not touch the door handles or doors with your washed hands (recommendation of the Chief Sanitary Inspectorate).
Open them through a paper towel.
Iran's president says he has rejected US talks, Donald Trump denies it
Tehran did not enter into talks with the American side during the UN General Assembly in New York, despite the Americans' offer to lift the sanctions, Iranian President Hasan Rowhani said on Friday.
US President Donald Trump commented that the Iranian side asked for the restrictions to be lifted, to which he did not agree.
According to Iranian President Hasan Rowhani, the Americans proposed lifting all sanctions against Tehran in return for negotiating a new international agreement.
It would regulate both the Iranian nuclear program and the ballistic missile program.
Rowhani: Iran will not engage in maximum pressure talks
The Iranian president stated that he did not agree to start the talks due to the "toxic atmosphere".
He stated that he had met with American diplomats because he had been persuaded by France, Germany and Great Britain.
However, he stressed that Iran would not start talks in an atmosphere of "maximum pressure".
"And even if we want to negotiate with the Americans in a 5 + 1 format, no one can predict what the end result will be," Rowhani said.
The day before, the Iranian leader said that he did not exclude talks with the US, and accused the European parties to the nuclear deal of favoring US sanctions on Iran.
He added that the sanctions imposed on Iran following the US withdrawal from the nuclear deal "are a precondition that prevents" dialogue from being established.
If we manage to lift this precondition and if America lifts sanctions and maximum pressure, then of course we can talk to America, he declared.
He added that he did not rule out a meeting with US President Donald Trump, even though he did not agree to such a conversation last week at the UN General Assembly.
Trump: "Iran asked, I said no"
Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that he rejected the Iranian side's request.
“Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions against them so that we could meet.
Of course I said no! ”The US President tweeted.
Tension with the nuclear deal in the background
France, Germany and the United Kingdom are trying to ease tensions between Washington and Tehran to somehow salvage the 2015 agreement with Iran to which they were signatories.
It stipulated that in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions, Iran would abandon the nuclear weapons construction program and put the nuclear sector under the control of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Since the withdrawal of the US from the agreement in May 2015, the other signatories have repeatedly confirmed that they want to keep the agreement in force.
Nothing has come of this yet.
Washington uses a tactic of maximum pressure on Iran, and the sanctions also include a full embargo on Iranian oil.
Tehran has announced that if it does not receive an export permit, it will reduce its obligations under the agreement every 60 days.
HRUBIESZÓW: Cabaret near Wyrwigroszem
We have tickets for you!
The cabaret at Wyrwigrosz will perform on October 6 at 16 in the Hrubieszowski House of Culture. in Hrubieszów.
The cabaret near Wyrwigrosz will present a program entitled "Tra ta ta ta".
They will include talks about alcohol drinks and geothermal energy in Toruń.
Tickets are PLN 60, they can be purchased at HDK, as well as on the website biletyowakasa.pl.
We have free tickets for TZ readers.
How to get them, check our Facebook profile.
Judge of the Provincial Administrative Court in Warsaw and husband of the hatter Emilia, who - according to her words and screenshots from WhatsApp - participated in the stalking against judges, was reinstated by the Supreme Administrative Court on Wednesday.
Reason: no disciplinary proceedings have been initiated against him, so there is no basis to uphold the order of the President of the Provincial Administrative Court, Wojciech Mazur, to remove him from his duties.
Judge Jerzy Chromicki, disciplinary spokesman at the Supreme Administrative Court, instituted explanatory proceedings against Szmydt at the end of August, but it has not yet transformed into proceedings against him.
Although the Supreme Administrative Court, which in such cases acts as a disciplinary court, must deal with the decision of the President of the Provincial Administrative Court within one month of its issuance.
In this situation, the judge who publicly talked about his wife's mental problems in order to discredit her, who was removed from the office of the National Council of the Judiciary due to suspicions of participation in a hate group, will return to adjudication and will issue sentences on behalf of the Republic of Poland.
Judge Szmydt denies his participation in the hate group.
He claims that there is no evidence of this except for the fake screens and the words of his wife, with whom he is divorcing.
The other judges linked to the "Caste" say exactly the same: all are innocent, there is no evidence.
And quite possibly they will get their way.
Because the prosecutor's office did not lift a finger to secure the evidence from their electronic media, it is also silent about the content of Emilia Szmydt's phone, which she stopped in June in another case.
The police did not lift a finger to secure the devices of people whom judge Waldemar Żurek pointed out as persecutors in the report from February.
There is no evidence - there is no Szmydt case, no “Caste” case.
There is also no case of the head of the Supreme Audit Office, Marian Banas, about renting a tenement house to pimps and hiding income.
The CBA checks his property declarations.
And he'll check when he checks.
And the Deputies' Ethics Committee will not deal with Banas, because the Sejm is suspended (but the State Control Committee somehow gathered to make a bizarre decision to dismiss Banas's deputies and appoint him as his lawyer, although the law does not provide for such a strange combination).
The whole thing reminds me of a short film, probably American, about how the wife comes home and finds her husband with his lover in bed.
She is so amazed and devastated that she cannot utter a word.
She stands speechless at the door, while her lover quickly jumps out of bed, gets dressed and leaves.
And the husband makes the bed.
When the wife recovers her voice and screams: what is this?
Who is this woman?
The husband calmly asks: what woman, dear?
Only in the case of "Caste" or Banas is a parody of the state.
And it's not funny at all.
MAXIPIZZA: Signing an agreement with the statutory auditor for the audit of financial statements for 2019, 2020 and 2021.
The Management Board of Maxipizza SA informs that on September 27, 2019, it signed an agreement with Premium Audyt Spółka z oo with its seat in Poznań at Czartoria 1/1, entered under the number KRS 0000540136 to the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District Court Poznań - Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register, entered in the list of entities authorized to audit financial statements under number 3992.
The subject of the contract is the audit of the financial statements of Maxipizza SA for the following financial years: a. From January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019, b. From January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, c. From January 1, 2021 year until December 31, 2021.
Kamila Lićwinko in the final high jump
Earlier, the player returning to the competition this season after the maternity break, the bronze medalist of the World Championships from London 2017, defeated 1.85 and 1.89 in the first attempt and 1.92 in the second.
1.94 was achieved only in the third attempt.
"I am happy to.
I showed that I can fight because the first attempt was completely unsuccessful.
In the final I will have to jump technically better ”, Lićwinko admitted in front of the Eurosport camera.
In the qualifying rounds, the American Vashti Cunningham and the Belarusian Karyna Demidik turned out to be the best - 1.94 each.
Both players were the only ones who did not lose any height.
The women's high jump final is scheduled for Monday.
Beginning at 19.30 Polish time.
Kornel Morawiecki is in hospital in a serious condition
He was hospitalized and the doctors describe his condition as serious.
It must be added that he is conscious and aware.
“We believe that it will come out, that he will win again.
We all pray that he will recover, "said an anonymous close person of Kornel Morawiecki in an interview with journalists of" Super Express ".
In the upcoming elections, the prime minister's father is running for the Senate.
"My family and politics keep me alive," said Kornel Morawiecki in an interview he gave to journalists of "Super Express" two weeks ago.
In January, "Super Express" announced that 78-year-old Kornel Morawiecki was examined at the Military Hospital in Wrocław.
“I had strange, disturbing symptoms and went to the hospital.
Turns out I have jaundice.
But the worst was ahead of me.
When the CT scan was performed, it was found that I had pancreatic cancer ... ”said the prime minister's father.
A few days later, in the hospital of the Ministry of Interior and Administration in Warsaw, Kornel Morawiecki underwent a major operation.
As Morawiecki said, President Andrzej Duda sent his personal chaplain, Father Zbigniew Kras, to the hospital.
The operation took about three hours and was successful.
“I know that many people have prayed for me for which I am very grateful.
Fortunately, I don't have any metastases.
I don't know yet if I will be undergoing chemotherapy.
I put myself in the hands of specialist doctors who are rather optimistic.
For now, after this heavy operation, I have to go back to some working condition.
I hope that everything will be fine, "Kornel Morawiecki noted in an interview with" SE "in January.
"If I had been examined too late, the situation would have been dire and I would have said goodbye to this vale ...", he added.
Krakow: A 14-year-old is missing
Officers from the City Police Headquarters in Krakow are looking for 14-year-old Nel Stokłosy.
Anyone with any information about the missing person is asked to contact us.
Missing on September 26 in the evening, she left her place of residence and has not returned to date or made contact with her relatives.
She was last seen at ul. Stary Gościniec in Krakow.
Nel Stokłosa is 14 years old, 167 cm tall, has blonde hair and gray-blue eyes.
The last time she was seen she was wearing a sweatshirt, gray pants, and boots.
Anyone who has any information about the missing person is asked to contact the police at the following numbers: 12 61-52-911, 12 61-53-616 or 112, 997.
The power of Oława jumps.
The title of the coverage of amateur sports competitions, played on Sunday afternoon, September 15 at the hippodrome at Oleandry Street in Oława, may be misleading for some.
It is a long way to real power, but this is the term used to describe one type of horse rivalry ...
The competition of the power of jumping is about the rider and horse overcoming higher and higher obstacles, which in the most prestigious international competitions even exceed two meters.
It is worth adding here that the long-standing and still unbeatable world record, set in 1949 by Chilean Albert Larraguibel, on the horse "Huaso", is 247 cm.
Nobody jumped so high in Oława, of course, but the result of the best local amazons at 135 cm is also not the worst ...
The competition, organized by the tireless Jan Sienkiewicz and other activists of JKS "In the saddle", was a show part of the "Rainbow equestrian competition" held there earlier, about which we write more in this issue of the newspaper, on page 22.
Eight amazons training at JKS in Olawa joined the competition.
Four competed in squatting and four in large horses.
In the first group, Nikola Szołdra did the best, riding the crazy "Sprinter".
This small, but very dynamic steed started from overcoming obstacles placed at a height of 40 cm, and ended only at a station with the upper beam 125 cm away from the ground.
However, he did not give up easily and only after three consecutive refusals was he removed from further competition by the competition jury.
The second place in pony jumping was taken by Amelia Pawlak, riding the "Fama", and the third by Lena Boruń on the "Harmider".
The youngest participant of the tournament - Inga Aksman, who galloped and jumped over obstacles on the small mare "Carmen" fought ambitiously.
Even greater emotions accompanied the starting amazons and the viewers during the competition with large horses.
Paulina Szewczyk, who rode the "Deklaracja" and Anastazja Abramenko, who rode the "Lotka", had terrible falls.
Fortunately, apart from minor bruises, nothing bad happened to the amazons and the horses, so they continued to participate in the competition.
Weronika Łuczkiewicz, who was riding her, had a lot of problems with introducing the young mare "Wineta" to the course.
Either the assistance of a trainer was needed, or another horse for the pair, followed by a little crazy "Wineta".
After completing the obstacle, she was also riding full speed down the course, so at times in the booths and in the expansion room it became dangerous. "Everything is under control!", Reassured Jan Sienkiewicz who was a bit scared of the audience, especially the youngest.
From the beginning of the big horse competition, Marta Masalska was doing great in the park, riding a beautifully presented "Whiskey".
This stately mare, together with an experienced amazon, was the first to jump 135 cm in the second attempt in the final phase and it was the best result of the competition at the moment.
After a while, however, the same amount was also scored by Paulina Szewczyk on "Deklaracja", Weronika Łuczkiewicz on "Wineta" and Anastazja Abramenko on "Lotka".
So all these players went together to decorate the flo and to collect material prizes in the form of equestrian equipment, and finally, together with the amazons on ponies, to the beat of Radecki's march, they made an effective round of honor, ending this interesting and exciting competition.
Acknowledgments
The Riding Sports Club "W Siodle" would like to thank the sponsors of the power of jumping competition during the 16th "Rainbow Equestrian Competition": the Municipal Office in Oława, the Water and Sewerage Plant in Oława, the County Office and the "Mustang" company.
Max Kolonko distances himself from the KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko
KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko is the name of the election committee under which the political formation #R Revolution by Mariusz Max Kolonka was to go to the October parliamentary elections.
The revolution addressed its proposal especially to young voters with right-wing views.
Before the elections, Kolonko announced cooperation with Marek Jakubiak or Paweł Kukiz, but none of these coalitions was reached, and the Max Kolonko Patriotic Revolution KWW itself did not even manage to collect enough signatures to issue lists in any constituency in Poland.
Now Kolonko announced on Twitter that he has ended cooperation with KWW Patriotic Revolution of Max Kolonko.
"I will expect the above-mentioned KWW to remove my name from the name.
I kindly ask you not to join me with the aforementioned entity ”, he added and announced that he would provide more information soon.
It is not known whether the journalist will continue his activities or whether this is the end of the #R Revolution formation.
On July 4, on the American Independence Day, journalist Mariusz Max Kolonko, visiting the US, announced the creation of a new political formation - #R Revolution.
In recent years, Kolonko has become famous for running the Max TV channel on YouTube, where he comments on events in Poland and around the world.
“We're fed up with politicians, fed up with your silly games, fed up with your amateur governments.
It is time for the nation to take over and rule for the good of the nation, ”said Kolonko.
The party's program included, among others issues related to the judiciary (should be elected in general elections), tax changes (equalization of the tax-free amount for all), war reparations (in the form of military aid for the countries of NATO's eastern flank, with particular emphasis on Poland), holding a referendum on the possession of weapons, limiting the number of deputies or introducing single-member constituencies.
A few days after the announcement of the creation of a new political formation, Mariusz Max Kolonko started talks with Marek Jakubiak.
At the end of July, Kolonko posted information on his social media profile suggesting that #R would join forces with the Kukiz'15 movement.
However, none of these coalitions eventually came to be.
UBS: Zloty close to the equilibrium point
"The euro exchange rate will remain close to PLN 4.35 in the coming months, which will be accompanied by poor economic conditions on global markets," announces Michael Bolliger from UBS Wealth Management.
"The expectations of maintaining a solid pace of economic growth and a stable monetary policy speak for the stabilization of the zloty at the current level," says the specialist in an interview with Bankier.pl.
In his opinion, despite clear inflationary pressure, the Monetary Policy Council will not decide to raise rates in an environment in which the vast majority of central banks are easing their policy.
"While the zloty is properly valued - the euro should remain close to the level of PLN 4.35 in the coming months - Polish bonds are, in his opinion, not very attractive.
Much more favorable yields than Polish securities are offered by bonds from emerging markets, ”says Michael Bolliger, head of asset allocation to emerging markets at UBS Wealth Management.
According to the specialist, the main threat to the Polish economy is the global downturn.
"The global slowdown may deepen even more, but there should not be a severe recession, and at most GDP growth should not fall slightly below zero," announces Michael Bolliger.
“Investors should underweight global equities, which may be undermined by the lack of prospects for resolving the US-China trade conflict and other geopolitical risk factors, including Donald Trump's impeachment procedure and Brexit.
Among the stock markets, Europe should perform relatively the worst, ”according to the latest letter to investors by Mark Haefele, UBS Wealth Management chief executive.
"Eurozone stocks should perform worse than US stocks because they are more vulnerable in the context of heightened uncertainty around global trade and fears of a slowdown," the document reads.
According to Michael Bolliger, after the boom in the bond markets of the safest countries has pushed the yields of the German 10-year bonds even to minus 0.74 percent, it is still possible to deepen the decline in yields.
However, in the longer term, the yields of long-term securities should not fall, but only short-term ones, due to the easing of the banks' monetary policy.
The Fed has the greatest room for rate cuts, which should lead to the weakening of the US currency in the coming years.
The long-term equilibrium point for the euro is the ceiling of 1.29 USD, which would mean a 19% potential for the single currency to strengthen against the dollar.
We expect further Fed rate cuts, which will result in narrowing the differences in monetary policy in the world.
"The strength of the dollar may not be maintained in the long term by the current and budget deficits," announces Michael Bolliger.
The Bundeswehr loses its gun.
Confidential report of the German Ministry of National Defense
From the beginning of 2014, the Bundeswehr noted the disappearance of 39 weapons, 39 weapons and 19,445 ammunition - according to a confidential list prepared by the German Ministry of Defense.
The information was provided by the press belonging to the media group RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
According to a document from the parliamentary office of the secretary of state at the Ministry of National Defense, Peter Tauber (CDU), so far two weapons, one part of the weapon and 3,474 pieces of ammunition have been successfully re-targeted.
The military equipment still lost includes, but is not limited to, six MG3 universal machine guns, 11 G3 automatic rifles, four G36 automatic carbines, six signal pistols and two P8 pistols.
In addition, 30 MG3 machine gun barrels are missing.
Concern over the situation was expressed by the deputy chairman of the Left party, Martina Renner.
The number of missing weapons and ammunition is "staggering", she told RND reporters.
The more so because as a result of the conducted investigations, only a small part of the lost equipment was found.
Martina Renner summed up the effects of these actions as "a poor balance sheet".
She also criticized the fact that the list does not show whether there is also a weapon that was found during the investigation against Bundeswehr lieutenant Franco A. firearms.
The officer was accused of preparing attacks on leading German politicians for extreme right-wing and racist motives.
His "black list" of targets, which fell into the hands of the prosecutor's office, included, among others Heiko Maas from the SPD at the time, Claudia Roth from the Green party, and Anetta Kahane, a human rights defender and founder of the Amadeu Antonio Stiftung Foundation in Berlin.
Franco A. illegally acquired four firearms, over 1,000 ammunition and over 50 explosives.
Crying children on the plane.
How to avoid them?
There is a solution
The carrier Japan Airlines has recently started using a feature developed for people who find traveling with a crying child a nightmare.
Via the website, the lines allow you to check the seat distribution on the plane.
If a minor travels on a given connection up to the age of two, the "child icon" appears on a specific seat reserved by parents or guardians.
Thus, the person using the services of the carrier has the option of choosing a place far from the one occupied by the toddler.
The BBC reports that the airlines have already informed about the shortcomings of this solution.
The "child icon" will not appear if the ticket has been booked by a third party or if there has been a last minute change of aircraft.
As could be expected, the idea divided the Internet users.
Some Twitter users indicate that the problem of traveling with crying babies can be solved with noise canceling headphones.
They are children, we used to be them too.
“We need to learn tolerance, because we'll soon need a seating map for mouth-breathing, drooling, and drunkards,” wrote user G Sundar.
Another internet user noted that he was once bothered by crying children on a plane, but changed his mind after becoming a parent himself.
There are also supporters of the solution introduced by Japan Airlines.
"Thank you for warning me against screaming children during the 13-hour journey," wrote Rahat Ahmed.
Majorca is counting losses after the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook travel agency
Over 25,000 Foreign tourists will not travel to Majorca in October as a result of the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook, the travel agency declared on Monday.
Marc Pons, a representative of the autonomous government of the Balearic Islands, informed on Friday that among 25,000 holidaymakers who will not be able to take advantage of the October holiday in Majorca, there are also those who are supposed to travel with companies indirectly related to Thomas Cook, such as Neckermann.
Pons explained that 80 percent. of the expected holidaymakers who, due to the bankruptcy of the British company, had to resign from vacation in Majorca next month are citizens of Germany and Scandinavian countries.
However, according to Pons, as Thomas Cook did not direct tourists to the Balearic island in November-April, the losses to the local economy will be smaller.
He revealed that the government of the Balearic Islands has already started negotiations with international operators on "entering the Mallorca market" after the bankruptcy of the British operator.
The Diario de Mallorca newspaper estimates that in October more than 1,000 people will lose their jobs due to the tourist crisis in Majorca.
About 800 are the redundant employees of Thomas Cook's Palma office.
The remainder will lose their jobs, mainly in the hotel sector.
On Monday, with Thomas Cook filing for bankruptcy in many Majorca hotels, property owners asked guests to pay an additional overnight stay.
This situation was experienced, among others, by dozens of tourists from Poland.
The Balearic government estimates that by Thursday, several dozen hotels in Majorca have stopped operating at least until the end of October due to the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook and its partners.
On the other hand, the Friday daily "Diario de Ibiza" indicates that most of the hotels operating in Ibiza, which cooperated with the Thomas Cook group, do not intend to close their facilities in the coming weeks.
The newspaper reminds that on this Balearic island the British bankruptcy cooperated with 42 hotels.
On Wednesday, the autonomous authorities of the Balearic Islands announced that they would ask the Spanish government to support the region with € 100 million to cover losses caused by the bankruptcy of Thomas Cook travel agency.
They revealed that the largest number of tourists affected in this archipelago, about 36 thousand people located in Majorca.
According to the data of the Balearic Government, Thomas Cook is in arrears with local tourist companies, mainly hotel operators, for the implementation of contracts for the July-September 2019 period of around EUR 5 million.
FIFA Women's Ranking.
Poland is still in 29th place, with the USA in the lead
The women's national team of Poland is ranked 29th in the ranking of the International Football Federation (FIFA) published on Friday.
The team of coach Miłosz Stępiński was classified in the same position in the previous July ranking.
Poor matches of the national team.
How will it be in October?
The Americans, who recently defended the title of world champions, remained the leaders.
The second place in the ranking was kept by the German women, and the third place by the Dutch women.
Polish women are preparing for the qualifications of the European Championship.
They were supposed to start with an away match against the Czech team on September 3.
The day before the meeting, it was postponed for a year due to food poisoning of the opponents.
In this situation, the Polish women will inaugurate the qualifications with a meeting with the Spanish women on November 12 in Lublin.
Earlier, "Biało-Czerwony" will play two friendly matches - on October 3 away with Cyprus, and five days later in Kielce with Brazil.
In the group of rivals of Polish women are the national teams of Spain, the Czech Republic, Azerbaijan and Moldova.
The group winners and the top three runners-up will advance directly to the final tournament.
The other six teams from second place will play in the play-offs for the last three passes to the European Championship.
The host - England will complete the competition of 16 participants.
The Polish men's representation in the September FIFA ranking fell from 20th to 22nd place.
Rzeczpospolita: Smog crushed the government
"The effects of the Clean Air program are slight, and coal stoves will smoke this winter as if nothing had happened", we read on the front page of today's Rzeczpospolita daily.
"So far, 82,000 jobs have been submitted under the Clean Air program. applications for co-financing with a total value of PLN 2 billion, of which 48 thousand. the decision was positive.
The approved applications amount to a total of over PLN 915 million, ”reports Rzeczpospolita, citing data from a spokesman for the Minister of the Environment.
As the newspaper points out, only part of the costs incurred is reimbursed from the program.
The daily describes the results of the boldly announced program as "modest".
Local government officials, quoted by Rzeczpospolita, see the failure of Clean Air, among others too much bureaucracy.
“The program should be much simpler: electronic declaration, sending invoices by post, possible random control of implementation.
It would improve the activities, ”believes Jacek Wiśniowski, mayor of Lidzbark Warmiński.
Activists from the Polish Smog Alert note that in the first year of operation, less than 1 percent was implemented. the assumed goal of replacing 3 million sooty boilers.
As Rzeczpospolita notes, although the programme's budget is PLN 103 billion for 10 years, ie PLN 10 billion annually, this amount is virtual.
"Only PLN 1.4 billion has been reserved for this year in the budget of the National Fund for Environmental Protection and Water Management," we read.
Congress approves F-35 for Poland
Błaszczak: Now price negotiations
The US Congress has approved the sale of 32 state-of-the-art F-35 aircraft to Poland.
"This is one of the last steps before concluding a contract, but not the end of our work," wrote Mariusz Błaszczak on Twitter.
"We will negotiate hard to achieve the best possible price," added the Polish minister.
Contract for the Polish F-35
The Polish air force is to ultimately supply 32 F-35 Lightning II fighters manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
In mid-September, the US State Department agreed to sell them to Poland.
The communiqué emphasized that the investment would support national security and US foreign policy by improving the security of the NATO ally, which is an important force for political stability in Europe.
According to the information from the State Department, Poland is to pay 6.5 billion dollars for the fighters.
However, this is not the final price.
The Department of State noted that the contract will also include the supply of spare and repair parts, training equipment, the provision of engineering, logistics and human resources services, and related logistics and program support components, and staff training.
Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters
The F-35 Lightning II fighter manufactured by Lockheed Martin is a single-seat and single-engine multi-role fifth generation fighter.
The aircraft is capable of performing close support missions, bombing and typical fighter air combat missions.
Thanks to the use of stealth technology, the fighter is undetectable by short-range radars.
Recently, F-35 fighters were bought by Belgium under a contract worth 4.55 billion dollars.
The Belgians want to replace the aging F-16s with them.
The purchase of US combat aircraft is also to be considered by other US allies, including Finland, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates.
Barbie against stereotypes.
Gender dolls
The manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of sex-neutral dolls.
In this way, he wants to fight stereotypes.
The manufacturer Barbie has launched a series of sex-neutral dolls
In addition to Barbie with a different skin color, figure and hairstyle, Mattel has introduced gender-neutral dolls.
The Creatable World toys wear wigs.
Children can therefore decide whether their Barbie should have short or long hair.
Their wardrobe consists of both trousers and dresses.
In the blink of an eye, dolls can turn from girls to boys and vice versa.
They are also available in different skin colors and with different clothes.
The emphasis on gender characteristics was also abandoned - gender dolls no longer have full lips, long eyelashes and a slim waist, or - in the case of Ken - broad shoulders.
The company believes that children do not like their dolls to be sexually enforced, and some parents and feminists believe that gender-specific toys inhibit girls' ambitions and reinforce traditional stereotypes.
"The new dolls will allow all children to feel free," says Mattel.
The Barbie doll, which appeared on the market in 1959 wearing a swimsuit and high heels, has been repeatedly criticized in the past for promoting "unhealthy female stereotypes", such as unnatural body proportions, for example.
The concern responded to the criticism and has already launched dolls with different skin colors as well as more rounded shapes.
There were also dolls in hijab.
Zandberg: A circle or a club together can have a dozen or so members
Zandberg, when asked on the ZET radio, how many candidates of his party can get to the Sejm from the lists of left-wing parties (KW SLD from which the candidates for the Sejm SLD, Spring and Left Together, starting with a common logo "Lewica"), replied that it depends on the outcome of the committee.
"I believe that the result of the Left will be very good, because we feel that people have hope that the Left is not only right, but also has strength," he stressed.
According to Zandberg, this means that the left may have 60–80 deputies.
“This may mean that the group or the Razem group will have a dozen or so members.
But it depends on Polish women and Poles.
I will not guess and talk about how it will happen, ”he said.
When asked if the Left Together will have a separate circle, Zandberg replied: “We are agreed that we are diverse, and we will not pretend that this diversity does not exist.
I think that this diversity was rewarded by Poles because we showed that by being different, we were able to come to an agreement on a joint program. "
When asked if the greatest beneficiary of the joint start is SLD leader Włodzimierz Czarzasty, Zandberg replied that in his opinion the center-left and left-wing voters were the greatest beneficiaries.
On the other hand, the SLD would receive the entire subsidy, he replied that "the goal of the political party is to represent its voters."
Zandberg admitted that he would vote for himself in the Sejm elections.
In the case of elections to the Senate, he indicated that he was considering.
"The offer is diverse and there are candidates and candidates to whom my heart is closer to, but there are also those to whom my heart is further", he said.
"But I will say very honestly and clearly that if I were in Senate District No. 44, I would take the electoral certificate and vote in another district", the politician emphasized.
"I don't think I would be tempted to vote for Minister Kazimierz Ujazdowski (KO-PAP candidate)," he added.
In this district, apart from Ujazdowski, the leader of the Citizens of the Republic of Poland, Paweł Kasprzak and Marek Rudnicki from PiS, run.
Dakar: The largest mosque in West Africa has been opened
Tens of thousands of people from all over Senegal gathered in the capital on Friday to inaugurate a huge mosque, considered the largest in West Africa.
Muslims traveled by bus, car, and on foot to the Bopp district, where a new mosque was built with a capacity of 30,000 faithful.
The facility was built by the Mouride brotherhood, belonging to the Sufi Islamic current that dominates Senegal.
Work on the mosque began ten years ago in a six-hectare wetland area donated by the government.
The name of the Massalikul Jinan mosque ("Paths to Paradise") comes from the title of a poem by Sheikh Ahmadou Bamba Mbacke, the nineteenth-century founder of the brotherhood and worshiped as a saint by believers.
The mosque is clad in Carrara marble and has five minarets.
The highest of them is 78 meters.
The mosque inside will accommodate 15 thousand. of the faithful, and as many as may be on the outer esplanade.
The richly finished interiors feature a gilded dome, giant chandeliers and decorations handcrafted by Moroccan workers.
Builders say the mosque is the largest in West Africa, but the edifice still doesn't compare to mosques in other regions.
In Morocco, the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca has a capacity of 105,000. faithful.
The construction of the mosque, which cost more than 30 million euros, was financed by private donations.
Apart from the land, the government provided lighting, sanitary facilities and financed road works worth EUR 10.5 million.
Trainer Smyła: Our problem is not Silesia, but ourselves
Korona's players will try to break the pass of eight league matches without a win in Friday's game against the second-league league runner-up, Silesia.
"Our problem is not the inhabitants of Wrocław, but ourselves, we have to work on what we play", emphasized Mirosław Smyła, the coach of Kielce.
Korona footballers last and so far the only victory in the league recorded in the first round, when away from home they defeated Raków Częstochowa, the newcomer, 1-0.
Later, Kielce recorded two draws and six defeats, and on Tuesday they lost 0: 1 to Zagłębie Lubin in the 1/32 final of the Polish Cup.
“I am optimistic that in the last seconds of the cup match the players were fighting for the goal, they wanted to draw.
Their fall to the pitch after the last whistle was not due to a breakdown, but it was a fall of anger because they were so close, ”said Smyła.
As he noted, Silesia has very strong wings, which is why he will sensitize the team to play in the side sectors of the pitch.
"We are aware of the quality of the opponent, but we also look at what we want to play," added the coach.
In the Friday match in Korona, Ognjen Gnjatic, who is pausing for the excess of yellow cards, will certainly not play, the team will also lack injured Jakub Żubrowski and Michael Gardawski.
On the other hand, it is encouraging for a few players to come forward in a cup match willing to play.
"We have a headache, it recently seemed like it would be gone, and now it is," said Smyła.
Korona defender Daniel Dziwniel emphasized that Silesia will not be an easy rival to break the streak of eight league matches in a row without a victory, while in the league, everyone can win with anyone.
“We are a good team.
In recent weeks, we may not show it on the pitch, but the moment will come when we will win and we believe it will be on Friday, "the footballer noted.
After nine rounds of the Ekstraklasa, Korona, with five points, is ranked 15th.
Silesia has accumulated 12 more and is in second place.
The Friday match in Kielce will start at 20.30.
These trees may completely disappear from Europe
"42 percent. The tree species that make up Europe's tree stand is under threat, warns the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in its Red Book of European Trees, published on Friday.
The list is headed by, among others chestnut trees and rowan.
IUCN, an organization based in Gland, Switzerland, is publishing a list of endangered species of European trees for the first time.
It was prepared by specialists who, on the basis of the research, concluded that out of 454 tree species found in Europe (as well as elsewhere in the world), 42 percent. it is "at high risk".
Among the causes, the Red Book mentions the rapid growth of urban agglomerations and global climate change.
However, the trees and shrubs that occur only or mainly on our continent are most endangered.
When it comes to a typical European tree stand, according to specialists from IUCN, 58% is at risk. species, and 15 percent, i.e. 66 species of trees and shrubs, are threatened with extinction.
Among the main causes of deforestation, the Red Book mentions errors in the use of tree stands, accelerated urbanization, too intensive logging, and then forest fires and changes in the European ecosystem.
According to the authors of the report, the existence of many European varieties of shrubs, mosses and lichens is also highly threatened.
"The consequences of human activity are leading to the gradual disappearance of European plant species and threatening Europe with the extinction of important and underappreciated varieties that underpin European ecosystems and impact the health of our planet," concluded the report by Luc Bas, who heads the European IUCN office.
Grzegorz Schetyna: I will not promise 600+
"Today, PiS wants to bribe Poles, offering them a loan for freedom, which will have to be repaid by future generations," says Grzegorz Schetyna in an interview for "Rzeczpospolita".
In his opinion, "the whole PiS policy is a pic".
At the same time, the politician promises that "what is given will not be taken."
Schetyna assures in an interview with Jacek Nizinkiewicz that he has an idea to defeat Law and Justice.
It is about mobilizing the electorate at the ballot boxes.
In his opinion, the opposition has greater potential in this respect than Kaczyński's party.
"Today, there are more aware people who want to live in a normal state than supporters of PiS, a party that has betrayed the proclaimed values such as modesty, humility, transparency," says Schetyna.
The leader of the Civic Coalition and the chairman of the Civic Platform also highlighted the basic assumptions of the KO election program.
"First, nothing that is given will be taken back, but you need to set a direction for the future, because PiS deals only with the situation here and now, there is no plan for Poland, which can be seen even in the dramatically low investments," he said.
Secondly, it is about "mobilizing the energy of Poles, helping and investing in those who work reliably - and those who are entrepreneurial".
Schetyna explains that the KO program includes, among others a project that will give the least earning Poles 614 zlotys more per hand, and those earning more - also several hundred.
The politician also noted that he does not want to race for the handout.
As he said, he will do as much as he can, but not promise 600+.
"I will never allow the Greek variant, where the rulers bid the opposition for distribution until the country finally collapsed financially," he stressed.
In an interview for Rzeczpospolita, Schetyna also stated that Jarosław Kaczyński and Mateusz Morawiecki are afraid to debate with him and Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"We would expose their hypocrisy and propaganda," he said.
"Pride walks before the fall.
Kaczyński is a statesman like Banaś is crystal, ”he added.
The PO leader also said that he had not yet decided whether he would seek the chairmanship of the Platform.
Argentina: Six dead great condors
Six great condors were found dead in the Argentinian province of Santa Cruz - TVN24 reports.
Experts believe that human activities contributed to their deaths.
The great condors have probably been poisoned with a means to kill predators such as pumas, foxes and wild dogs.
The animals may have eaten toxic carrion.
Except for one young individual, the rest of the dead condors were all grown up.
“This is a big loss to the environment as a condor must reach 10-15 years of age to become fertile and reproductive.
So we are losing a protected species, an endangered species, ”says Luis Jacome, director of the BioAndina Foundation, an Argentine environmental organization.
"I think the use of toxic bait and poison puts not only this species in danger, but all other life forms, including human health," he adds.
Rzeczpospolita: They want a jewel for the president
Work has begun to award the head of state with a precious chain.
The idea was supported by the law firm of Andrzej Duda, we read in Rzeczpospolita.
As the newspaper explains, it is a gold chain of the Order of the White Eagle, a royal insignia officially known as the jewel of the Republic of Poland in the interwar period.
President Ignacy Mościcki probably used it for the last time.
Rzeczpospolita reports that such a chain may soon be on the shoulders of Andrzej Duda.
The Senate Human Rights, Rule of Law and Petitions Committee voted on Wednesday a motion to start work on amending the Act on Orders and Decorations in order to restore it.
The daily writes that this is not the first attempt to restore this chain to the head of state.
The Senate proposed such an amendment as early as 1992, but it was lost with one vote.
This time the work is lightning fast.
At the beginning of August, the senators spent a few minutes on this matter, deciding that they would consult the President's Chancellery.
This one came in mid-September.
"I kindly inform you that the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland does not comment on the position presented in the petition," wrote President Andrzej Dera at the time.
On Wednesday, the case was continued by a Senate committee and again devoted little time to the case.
"The Chancellery of the President answered us briefly: it is in favor of restoring it," said the head of the committee Robert Mamątow from PiS, quoted by Rzeczpospolita.
He submitted a motion to start legislative work, which the committee supported.
Police officers will teach drivers how to drive through the intersection
The police action will be conducted, among others at the intersection of al. Ciepliński from al. Piłsudski.
The actions of the uniformed are somehow related to the recent complaints of the city authorities about drivers who are not always able to properly behave at the intersection.
On Friday, September 27, policemen begin preventive measures in Rzeszów called "Pass-by crossings".
It is about eliminating obstacles in traffic: entering an intersection without the possibility of leaving, failure to comply with traffic lights or road signs.
"We often think that we are alone at the intersection, but in fact we are making life difficult for other drivers," said Marek Ustrobiński, vice-president of the city a few days ago.
His words were heard at a press conference of the town hall, where the city authorities presented examples of inadequate car movement at intersections, which in turn creates traffic jams.
At that time, the president appealed to travelers for common sense on the road and, inter alia, faster starting at traffic lights or not writing text messages while driving.
The subject was taken over by the policemen from Rzeszów, who are starting the action "Crossroads" from today.
What is going on?
The aim of the activities is to eliminate the phenomenon of limiting the passability at intersections by drivers entering them without the possibility of continuing their journey.
This is a common offense that increases traffic congestion and creates traffic jams.
He is threatened with a fine of PLN 300 and 2 penalty points.
In addition, uniforms will pay attention to failure to comply with traffic lights or road signs and incorrect parking in the area of intersections.
They will also observe the lack of smoothness of driving, late starting from traffic lights, slowly crossing intersections and leaving too much distance between vehicles.
At which intersections will activities be carried out?
Including on ul. Lisa-Kuli from ul. Jagiellońska; al. Ciepliński from al. Piłsudski; ul. Targowa with al. Piłsudski; Śreniawitów Square with ul. Dąbrowskiego or ul. Hetmańska with al. Warsaw insurgents.
Actions of this type in the capital of Podkarpacie will be carried out on the following Fridays in October.
They inspected the company that utilizes waste from "Czajka"
"On Friday, officials from the Environmental Protection Department of the Wołomin County Office and the County Building Supervision Inspection inspected the installation in the Zielonka commune, in which waste from the" Czajka "sewage treatment plant in Warsaw is disposed of, said Karol Szyszko, spokesman for the Wołomin County Office.
Inspectors from the district office of Wołomin carried out an inspection in the plant located in the forests belonging to the Zielonka commune.
Private Zakład Handlowo-Transportowy "Dar-Trans", under the contract with the Warsaw sewage treatment plant "Czajka", provides sewage waste management services.
"The installation was inspected and the entrepreneur was asked to provide documentation related to his activities," said Szyszko.
He added that the post-inspection report will be submitted to, inter alia, to the Provincial Inspectorate for Environmental Protection in Warsaw.
The last inspection in "Dar-Trans" was carried out by the Voivodship Inspectorate for Environmental Protection in Warsaw in the period from December 29, 2015 to February 11, 2016.
It was then established that the company did not take samples, measurements and tests of groundwater, and did not have the results of tests of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" sewage treatment plant.
After the VIEP inspection, Dariusz Sobota was called upon to stop violating the conditions of the decision.
Private Zakład Handlowo-Transportowy "DAR-TRANS" Dariusz Sobota is one of the companies collecting waste in the form of stabilized municipal sewage sludge from the "Czajka" sewage treatment plant.
Pursuant to the decision to utilize waste in the excavation area, waste up to 60,000 tons per year is processed in the forests near Zielonka.
The Warsaw Municipal Water and Sewerage Company informed last Thursday that at the turn of November and December 2018, STUOŚ was put out of service, which was related to the failure of one of the incineration plants.
According to MPWiK, the monthly cost of their export is PLN 1.7 million (calculated on the basis of the cost of export from 01/01/2019 to 31/08/2019).
Lech Wałęsa supported Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
"You have undertaken a difficult task, you can count on my total support," Lech Wałęsa said to Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska on Friday.
"Mr. President, these words are very important to me," replied the candidate of the Civic Coalition for Prime Minister, leader of the KO list in Warsaw.
The former president emphasized that when it comes to the situation in Poland, he is now "only a retired supporter".
Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska met on Friday with former president Lech Wałęsa in his office at the Gdańsk European Solidarity Center.
Wałęsa's son, Jarosław, also took part in a short conversation behind closed doors.
"You have undertaken a difficult task," said Lech Wałęsa after the meeting.
"You can count on my total support," he added.
“The problems ahead of Poland are known to all of us.
Therefore, it is a great hope that you as a woman will cope with these problems, and all of us - those who love Poland - will support your actions to the maximum, ”said the former president, addressing Kidawa-Błońska.
Very important words
Kidawa-Błońska thanked for the support.
"Mr. President, these words are very important to me, because nobody, like you, can talk about freedom, about the constitution and know how important it is," she said.
“Let's show that you can do different, wise politics together, but in accordance with the constitution, in accordance with the law, in accordance with respect for others.
This is how you made your revolution, and this is how we want to change Poland, ”Kidawa-Błońska emphasized.
Retired fan
Walesa in an interview with journalists said that he is now "only a retired fan".
“Of course I am watching it.
I hope that we will reverse the course of events, that we will return to what was good and proven.
The separation of powers is the most important, the constitution is the most important, the courts are essential.
And it all has to be cleaned, it all has to be restored to normal operation and I believe that this time we will do it.
If not, then the street criterion awaits us, ”said Lech Wałęsa.
“That is why it is so important that Poles go to the elections, think and make their own decisions.
And this is the most important thing, "added Kidawa-Błońska.
"Last chance to improve the state of affairs in Poland with a piece of paper," replied the former president.
"We have to build a new foundation"
When asked about the most important changes to her that should take place in Poland, Kidawa-Błońska said: “The president said very well.
We need to build a new foundation on which to do all other things.
Since the tripartite division of powers does not exist, since the constitution is not respected, we must go back to the beginning and make it obvious and let everyone know that otherwise Poland will not move a step forward ”.
European volleyball players: Slovenia - Poland 3: 1 in the semi-final.
In the hot terrain in Ljubljana, Polish volleyball players clashed with the Slovenes in the semi-finals of the European Championship.
There was no shortage of controversy and discussions with the judges, with the Polish coach Vital Heynen in the lead role.
"Biało-Czerwoni" lost 1: 3 and will play for the bronze medal.
The Senate decided on key laws
The Senate passed the act on disclosure of the property of the families of the most important state officials and the flights of the most important persons in the state without amendments.
52 senators voted in favor of the amendment to the law on the property of civil servants' families - without amendments -, 14 were against, and three abstained.
Thus, the senators decided to reject 12 amendments proposed during the Wednesday debate by the PO senator Sławomir Rybicki.
According to him, the amendments were supposed to “civilize” the act and limit the scope of the information provided in the declaration on the financial situation of one's own children, the spouse's children, and adopted children in cases where the children stay in the household with the person obliged to submit the declaration.
The act on disclosure of the property of the families of the most important state officials, the draft of which was developed in the Prime Minister's office, was passed by the Sejm on September 11.
The regulations assume that, inter alia, the prime minister, ministers, deputies, deputies to the European Parliament, senators, presidents of: the Constitutional Tribunal, the Supreme Administrative Court and the Supreme Court, as well as heads of other state institutions will be obliged to include in the asset declaration information about the personal property of spouses, children and other persons living together.
The Senate did not propose any amendments to the law on flights of the most important people in the state.
It regulates which flights have HEAD status and who can be on board government planes along with the most important people in the state.
The act also specifies who is responsible for keeping the Central Register of Flights.
55 senators were in favor of the bill, without amendments, 12 were against, and four abstained.
According to the law, each president's flight will be "made on an official mission".
The president will be able to be accompanied by family members and other persons invited by the president.
On the other hand, the flight in the official mission of the Prime Minister and the Marshals of the Sejm and Senate will only be a flight "performed for the purpose of performing tasks directly related to the performed function".
The act also specifies the list of people who can accompany the most important persons in the country during the flight.
According to the regulations, members of the delegation may be on board the plane - invited deputies, senators, representatives of public authorities and experts; persons providing technical, medical or organizational services; and journalists.
Pursuant to the Act, in the event of any doubts related to the flights of the Marshals of the Sejm and the Senate, the head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister will seek clarification.
If such doubts are not clarified within the prescribed time, the head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister will be obliged to notify the heads of the Chancellery of the Sejm or the Senate of the impossibility of organizing such a flight.
A new representative for sport
Waldemar Paluch appointed his representative for physical culture, sport and tourism.
It was Artur Świątek, a long-time president of AZS PWSTE Jarosław University Club, and for the last 4 years the director of the Rector's Office in Jarosław at the university.
photo by Bartłomiej Pacek Artur Świątek has recently been heavily involved in the basketball reactivation project in Jarosław.
Artur Świątek is not an anonymous figure in the Jarosław sports environment.
A graduate of the Academy of Physical Education in Biała Podlaska since 2002, he has been an instructor at the State University of Technology and Economics in Jarosław, and has been the president for 15 years.
After the first training session in Paris, the Poles are waiting for their last rival
Polish volleyball players had their first training session in Paris on Friday, where they will play for the bronze medal on Saturday.
Vital Heynen's players ended their path to winning the title on Thursday with a 1-1 defeat against the Slovenes in Ljubljana.
It was loud about their troubles traveling to this duel.
This time there were no such problems - on Friday morning they went charter to Paris with the Slovenes, and a few hours later they trained in the famous Bercy hall.
According to the reports of people present at the class, the trainer of the world champions was nervous.
Heynen's assistant, Michał Mieszko Gogol, pointed out that this time the main task was not just practicing volleyball elements.
“We went to the hall, but for the most part it was time for the team.
It was more about spending him together than training.
To talk, to think about how to rebuild it all as a team, ”he reported.
He confirmed that the semi-final defeat was a painful lesson for both the players and the coaching staff.
“We were brutally brought to the ground.
We're clearly disappointed.
We still believed that we would come back to this match.
We discussed this match in the staff, the coach talked a lot with the players.
The two main reasons for defeat are ineffectiveness in attack and handling much worse than usual situation balls.
The Slovenes were much better than us in this respect, ”he analyzed.
In his opinion, the "Biało-Czerwonym" was not hindered by the stress related to the performance against the co-hosts of the tournament supported by a loud and large audience.
He admitted that the world champions could be lulled a bit by the smooth road to the semi-finals.
“Perhaps if we had suffered a similar defeat in the group stage, we would have analyzed this lesson sooner and then we would have played differently later in the tournament.
But that is only supposing, ”he reserved.
Gogol hopes that the anger related to Thursday's defeat of the Poles will be able to turn into aggression in the match for bronze.
“I hope that we will show our true face then.
There is something to fight for.
We recently won the European Championship medal in 2011 ”, he reminded.
Paris is the fifth city, and France is the third country visited by Poles during this championship.
In the group stage they competed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam, for the first two games of the group stage they went to Apeldoorn, and for the semi-final they moved to Ljubljana.
Nick Kyrgios: severe but suspended sentence
The Australian tennis player received a 16-week ban on starting and a $ 25,000 fine - a six-month suspension - for reprehensible words, gestures and deeds in recent ATP tournaments.
ATP World Tour officials are losing patience with Kyrgios, but still give him a chance to improve.
The summary of the acts of the most crude professional tennis player in recent years looks threatening - 16 weeks break plus a large fine, but both penalties are suspended for six months - a trial period in which the wayward athlete will be able to improve.
Nick Kyrgios is only 24 years old, but he has been making trouble for a long time and has earned a kind of tennis world record - he had to pay the highest single financial penalty in the history of the discipline for breaking the rules of behavior on the court and next to him.
Loud curses, strange gestures, unsportsmanlike behavior, insulting the referee and spectators, breaking two rackets during a lost match with Karen Khachanov - for all this, he paid 113,000 dollars after the ATP Masters 1000 tournament in Cincinnati in August.
He did not play long in the US Open 2019, but he managed to publicly say that ATP activists "are corrupt", which hurt the organization's authorities so much that they launched a disciplinary investigation against Kyrgios and after a few weeks gave the aforementioned verdict about the suspension of starts and another fine.
However, the words about corruption were forgiven him after listening to the accused and getting to know the context of the statement.
In the justification, however, tennis activists stated that the investigation showed that Kyrgios' behavior throughout the past 12 months in many cases raised serious reservations and constituted an almost continuous violation of the rules, that he constantly insulted people associated with the tournaments and spectators in a vulgar manner, hence the high penalty.
However, ATP gave him five days to appeal and immediately postponed the enforcement of the sentence, ordering him to meet several conditions within the next six months: in the ATP Tour and ATP Challenge Tour tournaments, Kyrgios can no longer breach the rules of the code of conduct for professional tennis players in any way. in particular, he must not swear anymore, destroy rackets, argue with judges and the public, or otherwise behave indecently and vulgarly.
He was also advised to seek "continuous support" from mental coaches during tournaments and also consult with people who specialize in solving problems of athletes who cannot cope with proper behavior during the off-season.
Nick Kyrgios' first comment (on social media) to the verdict was: “Hey everyone, I can still play.
I just need to control my behavior, that's all. "
In practice, the Australian will have a break of at least two weeks anyway, because his shoulder injury worsened in the Lavera Cup, so he had to give up the next starts in Beijing (September 30 - October 6) and Shanghai (October 6-13).
Kyrgios is ranked 27th in the ATP ranking.
This year he won two tournaments - in Washington and Acapulco, grossed over $ 1.3 million, so even after fines he will have a lot of money left over.
GUS: Life in Poland is getting better
According to the report on household budgets published on Friday by the Central Statistical Office (GUS), they assessed their financial situation last year as good or rather good. as much as 44 percent of them.
A year earlier, this percentage was 37.2%, in 2016 - 33.5%, and earlier - since 2009, when the statistical office first examined the subjective assessments of the situation of households - it never exceeded 30%.
Last year, she considered her bad or rather bad financial situation. in total 8.1 percent households, compared to 11.2%. a year earlier and over 20 percent in 2009
The financial situation of self-employed households is the best.
In this group, over 70% consider it good or rather good. respondents.
On the other extreme, there are households of disability pensioners, where the percentage of such responses was only 18%.
The number of children also greatly influences the subjective assessment of the financial situation of households.
Single parents with offspring are the worst, 32% of whom declare good or rather good financial situation.
Among couples with children, this percentage ranges (depending on the number of children) from 55 to 60%, and among childless households it is 48.8%.
These statistics clearly show the effect of the 500+ program.
Before it was launched (in 2016), the worst financial situation was assessed by single parents and large families (with at least three children).
The improvement of subjective assessments of the financial situation of Poles reflects the rapid increase in income, mainly from work.
This is not all, however, because the percentage of households that consider their situation to be good increases faster than real incomes.
Moreover, at the voivodship level, there is no clear relationship between the level of income and the assessment of the material conditions of households.
The best assessments are given by the inhabitants of the Opolskie Voivodeship, where 48.9% consider their situation to be good or rather good. subjects.
Next are the Lubuskie (47.7%), Śląskie (47.6%), Mazowieckie (47.3%) and Zachodniopomorskie (47.1%) provinces.
Meanwhile, in Opole, the disposable income (i.e. after paying taxes and contributions) amounted to less than 94 percent the national average, and in Lubuskie 98 percent.
The inhabitants of Mazowieckie (120% of the national average) and Śląskie (104%) had the highest income.
In Poland, the average disposable income per person in 2018 was PLN 1,693.
In real terms (after adjusting for the effect of price changes) it increased by 4.3%. against 2017
Compared to previous years, this result is quite low.
In 2016, per capita income increased by 7%, and a year later by 6.3%.
While revenue growth is slowing, it is also holding back spending growth.
These per person amounted to PLN 1187, which means that in real terms they decreased by 0.7%.
This is the first such case since 2013.
In 2017, expenditure per person increased in real terms by 1.9%, and in 2016 by 4.3%.
Household budget surveys suggest that a statistical household currently spends 70.1 percent of the total. their disposable income, while in 2014 this share exceeded 80%, and by 2006 it exceeded 90%.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska in a see-through blouse
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Unfortunately, her styling was not very successful.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is the wife of a sports journalist Maciej Kurzajewski
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska is a Polish journalist and presenter.
She is involved in activities for women, for whom she organizes interactive workshops, motivational lectures, lectures and conference panels.
For 25 years she worked in the public relations industry with companies such as PZU, Red Bull or Bayer.
As a journalist, she worked for TVP1, TVN Style, Wizja Sport and TVP2.
The woman is the author of the book "Mama i papa is us", in which she talks about the health, development and nutrition of children aged 0-3 years.
She was involved in many projects aimed at supporting professionally active women.
The actions she manages include "Entrepreneurial Women Network", "Business Women's Lodge", "Women's Congress Association" or "Make Up Buisness".
Privately, she is the wife of Maciej Kurzajewski - TV presenter and sports journalist.
The couple have two sons: Franciszek and Julian.
Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska appeared at the closed show of the Italian brand "Patrizia Pepe".
Natasza Urbańska, Katarzyna Figura and Beata Chmielowska Olech also attended the event.
An intimate show could not take place without a wall on which the stars boasted about their stylizations.
Unfortunately, the photojournalists caught Paulina Smaszcz-Kurzajewska's blatant mistake.
The woman wore a white bra under a black shirt, which was clearly visible through it.
USA: Three aircraft carrier crew suicides
Three seamen committed suicide on board the USS George HW Bush last week, the US Navy said.
In the past two years, a total of five of this ship's crew have been killed.
The previous suicide took place in July this year, and the previous one in November 2017.
According to CNN, all three sailors shot themselves last week.
Each of the incidents occurred on land when the USS George HW Bush was moored off the coast of Virginia.
So far, the participation of third parties has been excluded in this case.
Moreover, the deaths are not to be related to each other.
“We need everyone to be involved in coming up with suggestions and ideas on how we can prevent another suicide.
I want to emphasize that there is no stigma or other repercussion with the search for help, "Captain Sean Bailey, the ship's commander, wrote on Facebook.
Niesiołowski critically about the Pope.
John Paul II did nothing
In an interview with Piotr Lekszycki, Stefan Niesiołowski emphasized that in 1981 John Paul II was a great authority for opposition activists.
"Virtually every sentence he made was accepted."
Later, some of his actions were criticized.
"For me, the fact that John Paul II was unable to eliminate the harmful activities of Rydzyk puts a great shadow on his pontificate.
After all, this Redemptorist - a pest of the Church and Poland - developed his media in the best during the life of the Polish Pope, ”he explained.
The former PO politician admitted: "there were murmurs of dissatisfaction, the pope said something, once he did not accept Rydzyk, but he had the power and for politicking he could simply throw him out of the Church or send him on a mission to New Caledonia or Fiji to collect money for the poor.
However, John Paul II did not do it, and neither did his successors, ”Niesiołowski explained.
“Besides, there was this fatal case of pedophilia and the activities of the Church, or the lack of them.
I thought ahead a bit, but I wanted to draw attention to the whole of his life.
We have known about the scale of pedophilia in the Church for a relatively short time.
The question is, how is it possible that John Paul II, being the head of the Church, did not know about these disgusting things, "Niesiołowski says in an interview with the journalist.
In the opinion of the former PO politician, the Polish Church is an ally of PiS.
“It must be admitted that during the Solidarity period, the Church was our most important ally.
All celebrations began with a holy mass, crosses were hung everywhere.
Now these crosses are PiS, they have become a symbol of dictatorship - a sign of the PiS regime.
I repeat: one of the biggest unpleasant surprises is that people like Rydzyk are shaking the Polish Church, that John Paul II did nothing about it and that today the Church is an ally of PiS.
This is a black chapter of the Polish Church, for which he will have to pay dearly, argued Niesiołowski.
"I hope that Pope Francis will chase Jędraszewski, Rydzyk and a few others of this type," he concluded.
HRUBIESZÓW: Tomorrow is the 590th anniversary of the county
There will be a gala of concerts and auctions.
The jubilee gala will be held at the Cultural Center in Hrubieszów.
First at 10 in the church of st. Nicholas' Mass will begin.
The official opening of the ceremony will take place at 11.30 at HDK.
The Song and Dance Ensemble of the Hrubieszów Region will perform.
Youth from High School No. 1 im. Stanisław Staszic will present a performance entitled "Hrubieszów poviat: Hence my family - I live here".
Then, the medals "Meritorious for the Hrubieszów poviat" will be awarded.
At. The 16th event will move to the city promenade, where the concerts of "Hrubieszów for charity for Angelika Zińkiewicz" will take place.
Disco polo bands will play - NoLimit, Malibu, Energy Girls and the star of the evening Mig.
There will be auctions, incl. feathers and porcelain of the Prime Minister.
The Polish Football Association pays penalties for brawls at stadiums.
Griffin disqualified
The clash of the Polish Cup between Gryf Wejherowo and Lechia Gdańsk almost ended tragically when a flare fired by fans from Wejherowo passed by the opposing goalkeeper, Zlatan Alomerovic, by millimeters.
After this incident, the match was interrupted for 20 minutes.
The PZPN committee investigating this case imposed a severe penalty on Gryf, excluding him from future games.
The club will not be able to compete in the Polish Cup in the 2020/2021 season.
Additionally, fans will not be admitted to their own stadium in the next match.
They will also not be able to travel in groups to league matches until December 31.
The busts at the Widzew Łódź stadium were also caused by fans of Śląsk Wrocław.
Here, however, the sentence of the Polish Football Association was milder, because Silesia warned that similar events could occur and sensitized the relevant authorities in this matter.
Despite this, the services allowed the sector of Łódź fans to be thrown with flares, setting chairs on fire and forcing the host sector.
This match was interrupted for eight minutes and the intervening police had to use a water cannon.
PZPN punished Silesia with a one-time stadium ban in the next match in the Polish Cup and forbidden to organize trips to matches in this and the next edition of PP.
The ban on trips also covers Ekstraklasa league matches, however, it will last until December 31.
Names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish
GDDKiA plans to replace the markings on the entire managed road network by the end of 2020.
GDDKiA Rzeszów
In Podkarpacie, the implementation of the amendment to the ordinance of the Ministry of Infrastructure on writing names of foreign cities on road signs also in Polish.
For example, "Lviv" will appear next to "L'viv".
In our voivodship, changes will be introduced on 94 road signs located along the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
As we hear, it should be easier, more readable and simpler.
The new guidelines result from the amendment to the ordinance of the Minister of Infrastructure on detailed technical conditions for road signs and signals and road safety devices.
“We should remember that place names in neighboring countries often also have Polish sounds.
Thanks to the amendment to the law prepared by us, they will finally appear on the signposts along our roads.
We are starting the introduction of the new marking from the Subcarpathian section of the A4 motorway ”, informed Minister of Infrastructure Andrzej Adamczyk.
In Podkarpacie, changes will be introduced on 94 road signs set by the A4 motorway and national roads: DK19, DK94.
Total investment cost?
200 thousand PLN.
First, the new marking will be implemented on the A4 motorway, which is planned by November 1, 2019.
How is the idea going to be implemented?
There will be no exchange of boards, on the basis of stickers.
They will replace the current names of localities with new ones, written in Polish on the existing signs.
Both names will be written on one line - first in Polish, and then in the original, in parentheses.
It will be a great help for people who do not know the spelling of foreign cities in the language of the country where they are located.
Feel the game with the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One
Razer has announced the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One - the world's first Xbox One headset powered by haptic technology.
HyperSense provides immersion in games and provides better control of the environment.
Razer HyperSense uses haptic solutions developed by Lofelt, a German company specializing in creating advanced haptic technologies for a realistic touch-based experience.
HyperSense uses special haptic controls and intelligent digital signal processing to generate high-resolution, real-time tactile feedback for a complete immersion in any Xbox One game.
The technology recognizes sound signals and converts them into dynamic vibrations, so players can feel the game without the need to install additional software.
By using the sense of touch, audio cues can accurately mimic the actions in the game.
Razer HyperSense recreates the events - from silent footsteps to powerful explosions, accurately reflecting all activities in the player's environment.
"Nari Ultimate for Xbox One has been designed to provide all players with an extra dimension of gameplay.
With HyperSense, we're allowing them to completely immerse themselves in their favorite titles, ”said Alvin Cheung Senior Vice President, Razer Peripherals.
The pivoting earcups feature memory foam cushions with a cooling gel layer to reduce heat generated during extended use.
For even easier operation of the headphones, there is a quick mute button on the retractable microphone, and the HyperSense intensity control and a balance slider between the game and chat on the headphone housing.
The self-adjusting headband ensures a smooth and accurate fit.
In addition, the Razer Nari Ultimate for Xbox One features the Xbox Wireless feature that allows direct connection to the console without the need for a wireless transceiver, allowing for easy and quick setup.
The headphones also support Windows Sonic for more realistic sound.
The Razer Nari Ultimate, originally intended for PCs, debuted on the market in September 2018.
Thanks to Nari Ultimate for Xbox One, Razer can now bring this award-winning technology to Xbox One fans.
The set was priced at 219.99 euros.
Someone shot a swan with an airgun
In a pond in Zameczno in Lower Silesia, residents noticed a swan having problems with its wings.
After being caught and a visit to the vet, it turned out that someone had arranged the animal into a target - air rifle shot was found in its body.
“The information about the wounded bird was received from the inhabitants of the village by the Wild Animal Rehabilitation Center in Nowa Sól.
The animal reported broken wings.
We went to the place.
It was immediately obvious that something was very wrong with him.
We acted quickly and precisely so as not to harm him and not to expose him to additional stress.
The swan was caught and taken to the vet.
After the first X-ray image, it was already known that someone had made a shooting target out of it.
There were shards of shot in his body ", says Marcin Walasek, president of Malpol, which manages, among others, a rehabilitation center.
Winters at the resort
”The wounds were cleaned, the bird was given antibiotics, there was access to water, a safe place in the center where it will spend the whole winter.
We're trying to make it stronger.
It is not able to fly yet.
If he was released now, he probably wouldn't have survived the winter, ”adds Walasek.
After the swan has undergone rehabilitation, the staff intends to release it in the spring in the same pond.
The authorities of the Żukowice commune, after receiving information about the cause of the animal's poor health, intend to inform the prosecutor's office about the case.
The incident took place in Zameczno
Gowin: "we must stimulate Polish small trade"
"Effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of small trade, we will have to consider whether the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Jarosław Gowin, Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Science and Higher Education, on Friday.
During an interview in "Signals of the day" on radio Jedynka, Gowin said that trade is dominated by international networks that impose such low margins on Polish producers that Polish companies cannot develop.
Taking into account that this problem is very difficult to fight, the deputy prime minister recalled that the PiS government tried to deal with it at the very beginning of its term of office, but was "counteracted by the European Commission".
"We won in front of the judiciary of justice and I hope that if the United Right wins the next election and formulates a government, we will come back to this topic," he said.
At the same time, he noted that "effective taxation of hypermarkets does not solve the problem of Polish, ie small trade".
"It will be necessary to consider whether the government or the state has any instruments to stimulate Polish trade," said Gowin.
In May, an EU court ruled that the European Commission had erred in finding that the Polish retail tax is illegal state aid.
The act on the tax on retail sales assumed the introduction of two rates of tax on trade: 0.8 percent. on income between PLN 17 million and PLN 170 million per month and 1.4 percent. from income over PLN 170 million per month.
The tax was to apply from September 2016.
In September 2016, the European Commission initiated proceedings for infringement of EU law by Poland.
Brussels then argued that the tax structure might favor smaller shops, which could be considered state aid.
It further stated that the levy was unlawfully implemented.
It also issued an order to suspend the application of the tax until the completion of its analysis by officials in Brussels.
Poland disagreed with this position, but tax collection was suspended.
The May decision of the EU court opened the way for the reintroduction of the tax, but did not end the case.
On July 24, the Commission appealed to the Court of Justice.
On Thursday, the press service of the CJEU told PAP that the case is currently at the written stage, in which both the European Commission and the Polish government present their arguments in writing.
It is not yet known if and when the oral procedure will start, i.e. hearing the parties and a possible hearing.
You need a good few to several months from the appeal to the judgment being announced.
"This procedure takes an average of a year," a source at the Luxembourg Court told PAP.
How to dress a child for baptism?
We suggest some practical solutions
Baptism is an extremely important celebration in the life of an infant and its parents.
It is often the first time the whole family gathers around a child, celebrating their arrival in the world together.
No wonder then that the newly minted mom and dad want their baby to look its best on that day.
However, before you make the final decision about the child's outfit, consider whether it will also be comfortable.
In stores, you can find many fancy sets that do not provide the child with adequate comfort.
So what should you pay attention to?
The basic criterion for choosing clothes for baptism is the child's age
Until recently, little ones were baptized, dressed in white sets and put in the same wraps or large pillows.
Today, children who attend the sacrament are often older: several months old, one year old, and even older.
It is not difficult to guess that such a large child needs a slightly different baptism clothing.
Therefore, if your child will be 3-4 months old on the day of baptism, he or she will probably spend the ceremony in a pram or in the hands of parents or godparents.
The best solution is to dress him up in comfortable, cotton rompers or sets.
While this garment is considered a casual outfit, look for festive variations, for example with a frill or lace.
A body with a bow tie and suspenders print will be perfect for a boy.
With older children, you can allow yourself to be more imaginative in dress.
The girl will look lovely in a simple tulle dress
Many parents of girls look longingly at the ornate, frilly baptism dresses complete with coats, bands and caps.
Unfortunately, a large number of manufacturers use artificial, non-breathable materials for their production, in which a child is simply uncomfortable.
When looking for the right clothes, it will be better to look at the Asanti for Kids store, which offers elegant outfits with cotton lining.
Delicate, tulle skirts, satin dresses, lace, appliques and charming sets will make your daughter look beautiful and feel comfortable.
The perfect outfit for a little gentleman: a cotton suit
Until recently, boys' parents were in fashion for suits that were copies of "adult" models.
Polyester jackets and trousers, stiff collars or flat caps often made young elegant people loudly demonstrate their dissatisfaction.
Today, fortunately, they have been replaced by comfortable cotton sets.
Just look at the sets available at Asanti for Kids, i.e. soft, sweatpants, and a blouse adorned at the front with a vest-like pattern.
These costumes look extremely festive, and at the same time do not restrict the movements of the toddler who gets to know the world.
Krystyna Pawłowicz has published an asset declaration
Krystyna Pawłowicz submitted an asset declaration at the end of her term of office.
It shows that the PiS deputy gathered 110 thousand. PLN savings.
Let us remind you that Pawłowicz announced her departure from politics.
At the end of his term of office, he has the amount of 110 thousand. PLN
According to the declaration made by the deputy, she receives a pension of PLN 4.7 thousand per month PLN.
Pawłowicz owns an apartment worth 570 thousand. PLN and slightly smaller ones, which he rents, charging PLN 880 per month.
The MP also invests in industrial metals, valuing the investment at 150,000. PLN.
Earlier, the property declaration was also published by Jarosław Kaczyński.
Vote on recess during the Conservative Party conference
British MPs voted against a three-day hiatus in the House of Commons for the Conservative Party's annual program conference, as requested by the government.
289 deputies were in favor, 306 were against.
As is customary, the House of Commons does not sit at party conferences so that deputies do not have to resign from participation in them or from parliamentary sessions.
However, the opposition parties recognized that at such a key time as the last weeks before the UK's departure from the European Union on October 31, the parliament should not interrupt its deliberations.
289 MPs were in favor of the government's motion for a break, 306 were against.
Two opposition parties after the conventions
The refusal to agree to the break may be perceived as a political revenge of the opposition on Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his decision to suspend parliament for five weeks (on Tuesday the decision was found by the Supreme Court to be illegal and void) and for the fact that, after the judges' ruling, I want to apologize for her.
Following this ruling, the House of Commons resumed its session on Wednesday, with Johnson's speech and the stormy debate that followed.
Johnson accused the opposition of blocking Brexit and avoiding early elections.
“It's time to make Brexit happen.
It must be implemented in order to respect the referendum result.
Brexit must come so that we can deal with the deal on citizens' priorities, on health care, on the cost of living.
Brexit must be realized so that we can unite this country ”, said Johnson.
The Conservative Party Conference is slated to start in Manchester this Sunday and run until Wednesday, October 2.
Conferences of the two main opposition groups - the Labor Party and the Liberal Democrats - have already taken place.
One of the justifications Johnson gave for such a long suspension of parliament were party conferences.
Media: Andrzej Duda blames Israel for anti-Semitic attacks in Poland
"President Andrzej Duda believes that the anti-Semitic attacks in Poland are a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of the Israeli leaders," foreign media write.
The president's spokesman firmly denied these reports.
"It's just not true," Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
Israeli media, incl. Haaretz and Jerusalem Post, citing the Jewish Insider, write that Andrzej Duda, during a meeting with representatives of the Jewish diaspora at the Polish consulate in New York, stated that Israel was to blame for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland.
The president said that the rise in anti-Semitic attacks in Poland was a reaction to the anti-Polish rhetoric of the Israeli leadership.
He referred to the words of the Israeli Foreign Minister Israel Katz, who said in February that "Poles sucked anti-Semitism through their mothers' milk."
Andrzej Duda said he regretted that Israel had not apologized for the humiliating statements of its politicians.
He also mentioned an act of aggression against the Polish ambassador to Israel, Marek Magierowski.
In May, he was attacked by an attacker who shouted: "Pole, Pole."
“The quote is not only inaccurate.
It's just not true, "Błażej Spychalski wrote on Twitter.
He stressed that Duda "never said Israel was responsible for the recent anti-Semitic attacks in Poland."
According to Spychalski, the portal "made it up".
According to the interlocutors of "JI", during the meeting there was also a dispute between the Holocaust survivor, Edward Mosberg, decorated with the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland, and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach.
Mosberg was said to have agreed with President Duda's words and said that Israel's Jews "like Israel Kac" were responsible for the rise of anti-Semitism.
According to sources, Boteach was supposed to interrupt Mosberg's statement.
Who is Banaś and what was his fault?
The tenement house rented by pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in the financial statements of Marian Banas.
We summarize another scandal that shook the ruling camp.
Journalists from TVN's "Supervisor" revealed that Marian Banaś, the president of the Supreme Audit Office, has not entered the 400-meter tenement house in Krakow's Podgórze district in the property declaration in recent years.
What's more, his sub-tenant was to run a sex business in the aforementioned tenement house (i.e. rent rooms by the hour).
In turn, the building itself was allegedly collateral for the loan repayment from 2016.
Bertold Kittel pointed out the irregularities in the "Superwizjer" program.
The journalist revealed that the tenement house was rented by people associated with the criminal world to use it as a place of "erotic meetings".
The clients were to be men using the services of prostitutes.
Banas answered vaguely and vaguely.
Interestingly, the tenement house rented by pimps led the journalist to discover negligence in Banas' property declarations.
The tenement house itself was described vaguely in them, and the rental income was to be understated.
“The assets of Marian Banas and his wife may be worth PLN 6 to 8 million.
In total, the spouses can boast of two houses, three apartments, savings [...] ”writes Money.pl.
The analysis of the portal shows that the Banasia tenement house itself was worth about PLN 3 million.
The Central Anticorruption Bureau is currently controlling Marian Banas' property declarations for the years 2015–2019.
Banaś announced that he would suspend his activities in the Supreme Audit Office until its completion. "I will apply to the marshal for unpaid leave," he assured.
The opposition demands explanations.
“We do not hear that the CBA has extended its investigation or accelerated the examination of Marian Banas' property declarations.
Therefore, we are forced to relieve the state authorities and submit a notification about the possibility of committing a crime [...] ", said Mariusz Witczak, PO-KO MP.
"If a normal Pole valued the rental of his property so grossly low, he would already have 10 inspections, tax surcharge and penal and fiscal proceedings," he added.
He went high, fell low
Marian Banaś is the new president of the Supreme Audit Office.
He was appointed to this position on August 30, 2019, for a 6-year term.
His candidacy was proposed by Law and Justice and approved by the votes of the politicians of this party.
Previously, Banaś was associated with the Supreme Audit Office in 1992–2005, he was active in this institution as an associate of Lech Kaczyński.
During the first rule of PiS (2005–2008), Banaś held the position of the president of the Customs Service, and also the undersecretary of state in the Ministry of Finance.
From 2015, he again took the position of the head of the Customs Service, and from 2017 he managed the National Revenue Administration.
Banaś was the Minister of Finance in the government of Mateusz Morawiecki for 3 months.
Cooler Master launches a holder for graphics cards
Graphics cards can weigh a lot these days, and this naturally makes room for product categories that would be in vain to find on store shelves a decade ago.
Such a solution - a holder for the ELV8 RGB graphics card - was presented by Cooler Master.
The new model of the handle for the graphics card is not only a functional solution that allows for more reliable maintenance of the graphics card without relying solely on the durability of the PCI-express slot.
Cooler Master ELV8 RGB also has an additional task - decorative.
"Rzeczpospolita": Ignoring a policeman's order will be punished
According to the newspaper, disregarding a specific behavior order issued by a policeman is to be a new type of offense, threatened with a fine, arrest or restriction of liberty.
Police trade unions want to introduce such a change.
The idea went to the Parliamentary Committee on Petitions.
"The case is serious, because already every year more than half a million petty offenses are brought before Polish courts," we read.
Rzeczpospolita has determined that the petition that the Independent Police Trade Union writes to MPs regarding the amendment of the Code of Petty Offenses has a chance of success.
The petitioners propose a new wording of Art. 54a of the Petty Offenses Code.
It would read as follows: "Whoever does not comply with the request or order of a public official, issued within the limits and on the basis of the provisions of the Act, shall be liable to arrest, a fine or restriction of liberty."
"Par. 3 of this provision provides for an identical penalty for those who, by failing to follow orders, make it impossible or difficult to perform an official activity ", the journal states.
Sociologist Andrzej Kowalski told Rzeczpospolita that although he agrees with the main message of the proposed regulation, he is afraid that if implemented, it may be used in matters of political demonstrations.
"In situations of freedom demonstrations, it would be disadvantageous and instead of easing the situation, it would even aggravate it," he adds.
Statistics published by the newspaper show that 86 percent. of citizens positively assessed the police interventions in 2018 and that each month the services undertook 1.5 million interventions in the city.
Buras is worried about Europe
Jáchym Topol has writing in his blood.
His ancestors include editors, translators, and writers.
Father Josef Topol was one of the most important post-war Czech playwrights, today mentioned in a row with Václav Havel.
Therefore, from the very beginning, Jáchym was cursed by talent, which he tries to use.
After eight years, he returned with "The Sensitive Man".
The main characters are Buras and Soňa with their two sons, who, however, do not form a typical Czech family.
They are itinerant actors, they travel around Europe.
He is a Shakespeare lover and a thief, she is a one-eyed translator who never parted with a bottle of wine.
One of the boys did not make a sound from birth, and for the other, time stopped in infancy.
But it is not the heroes who are most important in this story.
All of them are only a background to observe the world in which there is no longer any place for artistic nomads.
It is a world of flea provinces, a society of old, suspicious people and promiscuous youth.
The "sensitive man" sometimes turns into an absurd theater.
The narrative imitates the stage directions, and the characters' conversations create this world.
The stage is a Europe full of fears about its future, but also constant questions about the past.
Belgium: Brussels Airlines canceled 105 flights due to Thomas Cook's bankruptcy
Though British travel agency Thomas Cook went bankrupt, its Belgian subsidiary Neckermann is still operational.
However, the company has problems.
Brussels Airlines announced that it would cancel 105 flights in October due to problems with Thomas Cook's bankruptcy, according to VRT.
Neckermann also laid off 75 employees.
All departures with an office that have been booked in Belgium will be canceled but vacationers will be able to get a refund.
A court in Ghent has also declared three Belgian daughter companies bankrupt: Thomas Cook Belgium, Thomas Cook Retail and Thomas Cook Financial Services.
Currently, approx. 12 thousand Belgians are staying abroad on trips booked with Thomas Cook.
Another 40 thousand people were to leave the office by the end of the year.
Back on Monday, Thomas Cook Belgium spokeswoman Leen Segers said the company was now "fully operational" despite the bankruptcy filing by the British parent company, which caused anxiety among employees and customers.
The office then reassured that customers who had booked tours there would go on vacation.
Thomas Cook - the oldest and one of the largest travel agencies in the world - filed for bankruptcy on Sunday night.
The immediate cause of the bankruptcy was the collapse of last-resort talks with creditors and potential investors on Sunday.
Creditors demanded that, in addition to the £ 900m rescue plan agreed in August, the company raised an additional £ 200m as collateral for the winter when travel agencies tend to have lower turnover.
However, the company's problems had been growing for several years, resulting in a debt of up to 1.6 billion pounds.
Michał Kubiak after the match against Slovenia (1: 3).
“I don't think Slovenia played fantastic.
It was us who played very badly.
This tournament is not over for us yet, ”said the captain of the Polish volleyball team, Michał Kubiak, after defeating Slovenia 1: 3 in the semi-final of the European Championship.
Görlitz in Germany offers free accommodation per opinion
Free accommodation in exchange for your opinion - such an unusual offer has been prepared by German Görlitz.
The activities are to help fight the progressive decline in the city's population.
Görlitz is Germany's easternmost city.
The beautiful pastel old town attracts 140 thousand. tourists.
However, as "The Guardian" writes, the city is struggling with significant problems.
Görlitz has the lowest wages in Germany.
The city is also struggling with the constant decline in the number of inhabitants.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, most of them moved to the west of the country, which translated into a decline in the city's population by 25%.
In 2013, it amounted to 54,000 people.
In an effort to fight depopulation, officials came up with the idea of offering free monthly accommodation in the city.
So far, 150 applications have been submitted to the program.
Two-thirds of them were deposited by residents of large cities.
People from Hungary, the Czech Republic, the United States and Great Britain also became interested in the program.
“When we applied, we thought the program was going to convince people to move to Görlitz,” said one project participant.
"Now we feel that it doesn't matter if we stay here after four weeks or not," he added.
The city has seven thousand vacant apartments and unemployment is three times higher than the national average.
While city officials hope some will move permanently, the main goal of the program is to gain feedback from program participants.
The information gathered from interviews and questionnaires is intended to help revive smaller German cities.
"We want to learn more about what people need, and if they choose to move, what their motivation was," said program manager Robert Knippschild.
Other cities have already experimented with ideas to attract new residents by offering them housing incentives.
The first was Detroit, which introduced a program to pay promising young professionals to live and work in the city for a year.
Today, such solutions are used in many places, from the Greek island of Antikythera to Candela in Italy, or in the American Tulsa, Oklahoma.
