UKIP remnants who turn down those living with HIV are a perfect example.
You talk about when Nigel Farage says the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the UK for health tourism, and when, with that in mind, he says yes when the interviewer specifically asks him whether people living with HIV are included in the undesirable.
First you use specious arguments, then you discredit them with thinly veiled homophobia.
Whenever I or my family need the NHS we have to line up behind chronically hypochondriac intolerant people who think they are owed their best.
I believe it is you who are using specious arguments.
Health tourism, as defined by freaks on the right, hardly exists.
I believe this is called democracy.
Then no one would be affected by UKIP's health tourism measures, so there is no problem.
It is only in the UKIP parallel universe that Carswell can come across as a revolutionary.
A quotation drawn from a tea towel does not constitute proof.
Yeah, shoot the messenger.
The Mail did not write the report, it only commented on it.
Those who control the majority of the media in this country should be shot for spreading such populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I don't think you know what a specious argument is.
You also don't know anything about my personal situation or my identity, so you should be careful when trying to kill the debate with accusations of homophobia.
Farage's sentence surprised a lot, but only because we talk so rarely about this problem.
He made absolutely no homophobic remarks.
You are going to have to manage to recover from it.
I'm not sure where you are coming from, but I imagine you don't like it when the media is talking about what you don't like.
It is talked about so rarely because unlike Farage and his crazed Thatcher followers who think AIDS and the floods are a sign from god and not a reflection on their own failure to understand that the complexities of humanity are something good thing, then no.
Finally, the situation is as bad in Ireland as in Spain.
With the new crisis that is coming, the period of austerity will not have helped.
Hoping for almost 5% growth in 2015 is a big joke.
Ireland the '' TIGER OF EUROPE '' we were bragged about a few years ago.
We knew the rest!
It starts to read the article again.
We are trying to make people believe that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a '' NEW ECONOMIC MIRACLE '' is happening.
With the Brussels agreement, the lowest corporate taxes in Europe, a very flexible labor market, and continuing emigration.
With these ingredients, there is nothing to “show off” for the moment with the arrival of the Poles.
In the 80s of the twentieth century, ireland was one of the poorest countries in the european union, with portugal Considering a constant perimeter, without the new countries, the situation is always better than it was .
Greece was ahead.
That their development has not been a long quiet river, it is certain in view of recent events.
Lowest tax rate in Europe?
It's wrong!
Latvia has a 0% corporate tax rate.
Now there is real hypocrisy in France on the part of the policies on the taxes actually paid by the multinationals.
If we believe a report released in 2008 or 2009, they pay in France less than 5% in general.
Only SMEs pay full price.
Now I confirm that the road traffic has become huge again, and there are new (and expensive) cars on every street corner, just like before the 2008 crisis.
I have lived in Dublin for 14 years, the recovery is evident in the daily traffic jams since the start of the school year.
Is this supposed to be business news?
Don't worry, I'm sure the comments will ignite soon.
In another article they are writing, 2 Vauxhaul Astra are involved in a crash on the A140.
Does Ryanair now plan to transfer passengers from one flight to another in this way?
I believe Mr. O'Leary will soon be purchasing a whole new fleet of devices, so a few dents and scratches on the old ones will soon be forgotten.
Having said that I'm flying with him next week so hopefully it won't be on one of those two once patched up.
So it would be entirely the fault of the other pilot.
Did Ryanair make passengers pay extra for the additional fear that they were kindly provided?
But without those kind of Irish businesses you couldn't afford to go on vacation, young man.
I have never taken Ryanair and the last 3 times I flew it was with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers quality service.
No, but it's Ryanair, so they can have a blast.
Any article on Ryanair triggers dozens of comments from people who would never take Ryanair to those who like to take Ryanair and think those who pay anything other than the base fare just have to lash out at themselves, etc.
It's pretty transparent.
Ryanair is not going to be happy with the additional costs due to this incident.
I wonder what the delays are going to be and whether the passengers will have to be compensated and, if so, whether Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was a mistake by the air traffic controllers of the 'airport.
The passengers were put on another plane in less than an hour, they are not entitled to any compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you and your compensation dreams.
Welcome aboard this British Airways flight that takes English ISIS to Syria, not true as you say.
have a nice trip
Last Sunday in Paris, rue des Francs-Bourgeois: the Marais is largely pedestrianized, and literally teeming with people.
People do not come in droves for the quality of the restaurants (ordinary, for the most part) nor for the Salon de la revue at the Espace des Blancs-Manteaux (hyper-intellectual and slightly dusty).
The reason for this crowd is that the stores are all open and the area is incredibly lively and bustling.
With a lot of foreigners spending .....
Do you think the Sunday opening will create jobs?
Go to Paris Rue des Francs Bourgeois where the shops are open on Sundays, packed with people with 50% tourists.
@aloes False!
The only argument that would appear to me to be admissible is that of areas receiving a significant number of foreign tourists and it is qualified by the fact that they buy tax free.
The tourist areas lose a considerable volume of turnover each year for the same reasons.
There remains the industry where expensive equipment, operated on Sunday, allows prices to be lowered.
Sunday rest is a right from which employees benefit, with some exceptions.
This is the reason why it is provided for and regulated by the labor code.
Neither the Minister in charge of the economy, nor, moreover, that in charge of foreign affairs, have the slightest competence to reform the labor code.
As they buckle it up.
What is the law for?
To satisfy a part of the population and companies who wish to work on Sundays.
In Montreal on Sunday apm I take my grandchildren to the municipal library.
In my city of 30,000 inhabitants where I live in France, the municipal library is open 4 days a week but not on weekdays!
This is access to culture ...
And this is also the regulation of working time.
the way of life he tenaciously defended against fascism
the way of life he tenaciously defended against fascism and Bolshevism
What if her daughter's estate was, against her will, used to pay the estate costs?
There are paintings.
Some are good, others not so good.
No doubt his estate would want his share of the pie, if you forgive me the expression.
his preference for a nationalist / Franco victory in the Spanish Civil War ...
And his hostility to the independence of places like Ireland and India and his fascist ideas as a whole and also add his well-known hatred of the Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Me neither.
But for 5 years, and only for five years, he was perfect.
In 1940 he stood up to other aristocrats in the government who wanted to discuss a "deal" with the Nazis and he won very skillfully.
With his magnificent rhetoric and energy, he united the country in the idea that fighting the fascists was the only way to win.
The people of the United Kingdom, and of France, and of Belgium, and ultimately the whole world, can thank god for having had during these five years, just these five years, Churchill at the helm and no other.
Churchill's greatness has nothing to do with this discussion.
If his descendants sell the paintings on the open market to raise money for estate expenses, they could even make a profit.
If the public wants to be able to admire one in a museum, let them raise the money to buy it.
It's that simple.
But we could use the tax money.
No one can deny that when it was "the moment of truth", Churchill's personality was a positive advantage for his country during World War II.
A revival of the internal market through public works will only favor large companies, which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring, since infrastructure projects are by definition not very renewable.
As for the social reforms recommended by the minister, they clearly reflect the real French evil: s mistrust of dialogue
Return to the original values.
A reform of unemployment insurance is not contradictory.
May the weakest among us not be in need!
Either we come to his aid jointly, or he has a RIGHT in exchange for the services he renders or has rendered with a minimum of resources.
The SM40H that I prefer to the minimum wage corresponds to this vision.
There is also the lessor who lives on income from his properties.
It is necessary to differentiate the one who invests for a return at the time of his retirement and the one who lives on his pensions.
A property to rent or even two for a couple above, it's vice
The little genius of Finance is singularly lacking in imagination.
The new deal was a policy of major works, but at a time of lack of major infrastructure.
Today, in Europe and in France, this is not the case.
Developed countries are over-equipped.
The need for infrastructure is marginal, so a new deal could not be a solution.
Especially at a time when the question of decrease emerges in response to a recession which is only a savage and therefore brutal decrease
You would have been right 30 years ago: no more need (or possibilities) for dams, coal mines, highways ...
But if we want to make the future climate-energy shock less harsh, then the need for investments is crying: insulation, renovation of the rail network, urban transport, transport and energy storage, etc.
A tax system that favors high incomes and rentiers.
Who is in power?
Obsessed with smartphones.
Charles Arthur really is a jerk.
Samsung's profits are hurt by the iPhone 6 and its peer-to-peer competitors
Apple's introduction in mid-September of larger displays for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus may have won over buyers who otherwise would have bought a Galaxy
I tested all of these phones and decided on the LG G3.
So Samsung lost me as a customer, but not to Apple.
I believe it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft put this philosophy in place, we experienced a decade of stagnation that was finally broken by Google, Apple and the open source community.
We must have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate competition and development.
In addition, we all have different needs and they cannot be met by one manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their underlying philosophy and I like the design.
Some people don't value design, for them options, functionality and price come first.
There is nothing wrong with it.
Let's stop looking for "a better platform".
Is there a “better automaker”, not really, they are different, but similar.
I would like to see a booming laptop industry, with radically different approaches for different people and markets.
It is healthier and should be encouraged.
This is in all of our interests.
I'm glad you found exactly what you were looking for and it's not an Apple product, although I made a different choice.
Most of the people I know have iPhones.
Our Umpfrontist friends who, according to one of them, fight against ideas and not men (on the contrary, of course Parisian sores) could tell us by which author they fight against ideas on genre and tell us what works they intend to fight.
Or do they just attack the genre as described in Le Figaro, Minute or Valeurs Actuelles?
Their sources are Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Well, Jean, I like you a lot, and you are a smart and cultured person.
I said that about Judith in the vein of Furusato evoking Holofernes, a connection which had not occurred to me (I do not have his quick wit).
Otherwise, basically, since you refer to it, this subject does not interest me, and honestly I do not see where the problem is: I was hoping that you and your friends could get me out of my backwardness, because I am slow but I understand correctly ...
@ John: recognize that, culturally, sending Judith back to Holofernes does.
Who is afraid wonders the World?
But what are those who are afraid of?
Furasato and @ give us some answers.
The first by invoking the Judith of the Bible, the second by qualifying Judith Butler as a very symbolic throat slicer.
We can see how much these studies touch the most intimate with them.
We are obviously no longer in the debate of ideas.
It is something else, much deeper.
@ Have you read, John, that the World has published an article on the necessity of theology?
@: Regarding a debate of ideas I thought it was appropriate to go to the sources.
Claiming to fight ideas on the sole basis of their detractors' account (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of the Theory of Gender or X Lacroix, theologian) does not seem very rigorous to me.
But hey, as I explained to our Umpfrontist friend, it's all the difference between having an informed opinion and a simple opinion.
I'm not sure that the nuance is understood.
I did not read Judith, the very symbolic throat slicer, I was satisfied with the "Second sex" (it was more of my time) which is I believe the source of "the source" according to Lo's wishes.
As I watched the eclipse from Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon briefly appeared when the clouds opened.
This sudden appearance of the red moon had its charm and made up for the disappointment of having sometimes the view blocked by the clouds.
It was fabulous here at FNQ.
Yes, last night's cloud was really gripping the coast of Victoria and NSW, as most of the rest of Australia had clear weather.
Special blood moon flash.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey hold Labor accountable.
But if Labor accepts our unfair budget, we will restore it to its true colors as soon as possible.
It haunts you, doesn't it?
I was in Melbourne so naturally I only saw clouds.
Melbourne also managed to cover itself for the entire week from the Perseid meteor shower and for virtually all of the major astronomical phenomena of recent years.
I'm starting to think there is some evil genius whose sole purpose is to prevent the people of Melbourne from seeing anything out of the sky.
Melbourne is definitely not the best place for an observatory, although things are improving greatly on the other side of the Cordillera.
There were periods of 10-20 minutes when I couldn't see the eclipse because of the clouds above the Melbourne suburb.
I'll put a TAX on this eclipse.
EVERYONE is watching this eclipse should pay TAX.
I bet your first thought of the day is for Abbott, just like the last before bed.
Who or what will you obsess over when it (inevitably) disappears?
It seems you spend a lot of time reading the threads looking for posts in which people criticize the Abbott government and then accuse THEM of being obsessed.
Superb photo of the moon over Sydney Harbor Bridge.
Looks like Mars is going to collide with Earth!
Nothing on stock market and real estate speculation.
Nothing on the inequalities between income from labor and capital.
Nothing on tax evasion.
Ultra liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing about the gardens of Babylon ...
The article says too much or not enough.
The details and arguments of these recommendations are not given.
No hypertext link to the original documents so that we can form an opinion.
Go see today Tuesday, October 15 the results of miracle recipes: in Spain, exports are at their lowest for five years.
In Greece the stock market is collapsing.
Yet it seems they are the examples to follow.
The reform of notaries would generate a claim for compensation of around 8 billion euros.
The Ministry of the Economy tells us that these compensation claims are unfounded.
What if the Ministry of the Economy makes an error?
Will the decision-makers who have reaped the political benefit resulting from the courageous attack on the notaries have the same courage when presenting the bill to the state budget?
The continuation in its time.
Ok, thanks, JYL ....
@lol No the State is not comparable to households with regard to the management of its budget because the time horizon of the State is theoretically infinite while that of the household is limited by the lifespan of its members.
In addition, unless we consider that public spending is unproductive, it helps to finance tangible and intangible investments that will guarantee tomorrow's growth and therefore future revenues.
A few answers.
A regrettable decision.
But remember the sacred Hippocratic Oath: The health of the profits of the world's pharmaceutical companies must be preserved above all else.
Nice conspiracy theory.
Unfortunately the truth does not match your fantasy.
Medical staff would like to be able to use it, but their hands are tied by the law as written by politicians.
It is the same situation as for the product which causes medical abortions rather than having risky surgeries, safe shooting rooms for drug addicts rather than having them on the streets, etc.
On these issues politicians want to please the uneducated masses.
By the way, doctors don't make money on drugs.
That's why there are pharmacists.
Doctors Don't Make Money With Drugs Since the Liberals want our health care system to be like America's, you should find out how it works.
All over the world doctors are courted in the same way, but it is more or less visible.
It might have been poorly worded to put the blame on the medics, but the reality is that many countries, including Australia, prioritize corporate profits and “research”.
So read the few rare reports on our Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme spending and negotiations with pharmaceutical companies versus other countries.
Compare the global prices of drugs found everywhere, as well as the differences from country to country on what is over the counter or only on prescription.
It reinforces it is a political and economic process, not a medical or scientific process, direct or indirect.
In fact, some companies are now testing marijuana inhalations for oncological pain, despite the laws that restrict them and the expensive permits required.
While the makers of some drugs may not be happy with alternatives such as marijuana being used, those who come up with a version that offers good quality products in known doses will benefit greatly.
Sorry to tell you ma'am, but you're wrong, there is a lot going on behind the scenes for the doctors and the pharmacy.
As for this hospital, they were happy to use it until someone put the tip in the ear of an official of this hospital.
You cannot HOLD patents on grass ...
If social science "researchers" were doing research instead of politics and networking, maybe their "work" could be used.
A researcher investigates, he does not compare one fact to another.
To compare is not to seek.
To compare is to do pedagogy, not research.
We cannot say “the research is successful, we must apply it” and then in the same stream “we must experiment at all costs”.
If your research is successful, why experiment?
If your research is not successful why are you asking that it be applied?
Can someone explain to me how a “researcher” can deduce that a student who cannot assimilate mathematics on his own could more easily assimilate mathematics and other subjects?
New technologies allow learning on condition that students learn to use new technologies, but how would they manage to learn new technologies if they do not know how to learn?
The pisa tests are only an indicator let's make an indicator that allows us to find indicators that are satisfactory to us.
What is the point of building an indicator that informs you of what suits you, a desire for self-promotion, a deception?
There is only one avenue for training teachers: to keep sophists and ideologists away from training, and whom practitioners teach practitioners.
fabrice reread the paragraph on internships (which unfortunately is not very well argued) and you will see that your conclusion pushes us to the most ineffective conservatism: “It is a device which leads above all to the reproduction of the practices in force, and which does not allow the system to progress ”.
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system, we cannot wish that only practitioners teach practitioners, even if they have their place in modern teacher training.
Educational theorists must have no place.
Practitioners must have one.
Would you like to be operated on by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and who has never set foot in an operating theater before?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems in the education system.
Giving more weight to educational theorists would be to destroy it definitively.
Your analogy is totally bogus: if I would not like to be operated on by a practitioner who has only theoretical training, I would even less like to be operated by a surgeon who has no theoretical training and who has learned about the heap.
Mike Weatherley, Tory MP for tackling copyright infringement by David Cameron
Why doesn't he just tell Cameron to stop?
Someone should make a popular arrest.
MDR exmaiers thank you.
If one day I start to feel guilty about violating copyright, I will just have to read an article like this.
In an information economy, copyright infringement = theft.
It is the same since they must cite their sources correctly.
Often, obtaining a license does not cost anything.
No, this is copyright infringement.
Not at all the same.
By using content without having the proper license, you deprive artists of their livelihood.
You can still debate pedantic assumptions - but that's theft.
And you can repeat it as much as you want, but it won't become true.
It is copyright infringement.
Come on, repeat it again.
If one day I start to feel guilty of violating copyright
Obviously you don't mind depriving artists of their income.
If they think they should be getting money for pictures used in homework, an almost perfect definition of what should be reasonable use, then I'm happy to deprive them of that fictitious income.
Lesson # 1 should be to show how, if the kids themselves create anything and post it on their favorite social networks, they are relinquishing all intellectual property to the site under the terms and conditions they passed from a click.
Maybe if they share their mp3 player headphones with a buddy on the school bus, they should be kicked out for breaking the law in such a way.
Ah if we could export this resource which we abound, the grumbler who says that everything is wrong ....
If it is a PS deputy who says it, then we must believe it.
I have 2 children and when they are old enough to choose, I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed by then.
France is pulling people down by continuously assisting them.
I don't want my children to bear the debt that this policy will have created.
What pulls France down are speeches like yours.
@gus I have always worked in a private company.
I was lucky to have worked in companies run by excellent business leaders: it exists in France but it is rare.
I am an employee because I know that I do not have the skills to run a business and this choice allows me to shoot red bullets on the null bosses that I meet frequently.
Comfortable in my sneakers, I totally share Jean-Pierre Bernajuzan's post: he tells the horrible truth!
@gus, if we compare with the German companies that French business leaders constantly cite to demand reforms in France, in Germany companies have been able to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive, in particular by ensuring the link between the large businesses and medium and small - What are French bosses waiting for to do the same?
Let the state hold their hand?
This state that they accuse of being imperfect?
@ Jacques L.
Always this verse anti business leaders from you!
Remind me, what have you created as a job, as an added value, to be so severe?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In reality, France is faced with an insoluble problem: the incompetence of French business leaders unable to create jobs and who sulk and smirk while waiting for permanent state assistance!
This is terrible!
But they have solutions: abolition of the Labor Code, employer charges, taxes, working 45 hours / week paid 35, and some, walking on eggshells, dare to demand lower wages if not their abolition!
I look forward to seeing all the "negative" comments on this topic.
Which is ironic considering how people still complain about First Group.
From what I can see from where I am, Last has not really been an investment for us taxpayers.
They tried to stay afloat rather than transform.
That doesn't mean Scottish Railways haven't improved since Last took care of them.
But they had also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
Unfortunately, we don't have the power to do this, alas.
I tried to get them recently, but failed.
But hey, Labor is going to get us out of trouble, won't it ...
It is an international subsidiary.
They already operate trains in Germany.
Nothing prevents people in the UK from starting a more moral business and taking part in tenders.
But it seems that we are not very good at management, most of our privatized services end up being managed by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and the criticism when First won the Virgin contract, all so that the decision was finally overturned.
And it gets better: MTR, a Hong Kong company won the Crossrail operating contract for 8 years.
Well Labor, as they told us again during the referendum campaign, is all for pooling and sharing and believes that workers should all help each other across borders.
We can therefore assume that they will be happy with this decision;)
Perhaps this is because the management of the Dutch is on the right track while that of the British is not.
What ScotRail needs is not just a change of ownership, but more importantly new ideas.
Abellio might be the least bad choice, but the real problem is the ridiculous franchise system, not the franchisor.
"She was a beating girl."
Lord, I hate, but really I hate that kind of expression.
Assuming that the fact of being "fighter" is a quality superior to many others, concern for others, intelligence, listening, for example, the fact of being "fighter" has nothing to do with see with that of surviving a disease: cancer patients "beating", who are nonetheless dead, I know groups of them.
Getting out of an illness has nothing to do with merit.
Come on we will start again too ..
I'm not telling you that this is THE condition for healing, I'm telling you that it HELP ...
Nothing to do with any merit ...!
When the examples of your life, there is only you to judge them.
I start again.
To imply, if only for a moment, that one can have merit in coming out of an illness or that we can deserve not to come out of it, is simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
A body that lets go, everywhere, in spite of the will, in spite of the confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Sorry to think the opposite, yes, having a solid morale no doubt makes it easier to accept heavy treatments and to prepare for them, to try experimental treatments like this woman did and not to refuse them out of fear. .
Someone who is successful in medicine is above all someone who trusts medicine.
But if we prefer to rely on the "lord" that's something else.
Neither with merit nor with courage.
These considerations are peculiar to moralists.
When you catch dirt, real dirt, you get stripped to the point where you become just a zombie.
Personally, I caught two, dirt, big ones, and if I "fought" as these fine psychologists say, it completely escaped me.
Unless this fight is all about gritting our teeth, suffering hell and taking the blows.
I thought the accusation against Milosevic had been decided and finalized about ten years ago.
I haven't seen that name in the papers since at least that time.
What is happening ?
It's a birthday.
A forgotten birthday.
His trial was conducted "quickly" and then swept under the carpet.
Is this the story we told at the time?
The communist turned nationalist who started three wars in the Balkans in the past decade?
The Communist President of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please question what we intentionally left out: 1.
How could NATO bombing be legal under ANY rule of international law?
Which country did Serbia attack?
Talking about RTS (Radio-Television-Serbia), why don't you mention that NATO destroyed this same building by killing civilians, then considered it a valid target.
Milosevic had no way out: if he did not defend his country against NATO attacks, he would be crucified like a traitor.
And if he defended him, he would be swallowed by the Western compressor wheeler.
The West used a smokescreen to detach part of a sovereign state which then unilaterally proclaimed its independence and was swiftly recognized by the western states who then lied end to end about the situation on the ground.
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared (ethnic cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, died politically after his first term for failing to understand the situation that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the political world of the time.
Ultimately, the Guardian shouldn't call Milosevic a tyrant (even if we didn't like him).
To my knowledge, there is only one earthquake prediction method in Greece that works roughly, by measuring the piezoelectric level in quartz.
This kind of study is undoubtedly useful and thank you for sharing the results with us.
A hope therefore but caution is in order This water has nothing to do with that of the exoplanet named HAT-P-11b, located about 124 light years from Earth in the constellation Cygnus which would be "the most planet small and coldest to have detectable water molecules, ”according to a study conducted by the team of Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine at the University of Maryland.
Method to follow therefore.
Just like those which involve animals sensing a threat coming.
Thank you, Passeur de sciences, for often regaling us with these experimental feats which are carried out in the world.
How would the animals know (in advance)?
No doubt by the perception of other elements whose rate changes in the event of an earthquake.
Like radon, for example.
A gas a priori odorless for humans but can be detected by animals.
All these methods are undetectable for man, but not for the measuring instruments at his disposal.
However, we do not have reliable results on these tracks ...
It has been observed many times (and for centuries) that certain animals act in a strange way for a few hours with an earthquake, in particular chickens, cows, dogs but especially fish and snakes.
I had seen a report on arte recounting the struggle of two scientific teams, one from California, the other from Japan, to gain recognition of the validity of their work which focused on the sensitivity of animals to terrestrial magnetic fields, and more particularly to their modification before an earthquake.
So of course I'm not a scientist but their hypotheses convinced me!
Where are we on this research?
Why so much contempt for this track?
We should learn to listen to nature again ...
If you examine things calmly and rigorously, you publish it in a serious journal, and no one despises it.
As soon as we talk about the "signs" given by animals, we come up against the same bias: everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the goldfish was going strangely in circles.
I do not understand that one would think that Boris would make a good leader for the Conservatives.
He has done too much as mayor of London.
When you listen to the LBC program you can't help but think that this man doesn't know anything about it and that he is always trying to create a diversion with a joke.
He never responds directly to anything.
He also said he agreed with Farage, then Nick Ferrari the presenter asked him about what.
He couldn't name a single point.
He made so many promises to get elected as mayor and he didn't keep a single one.
That just underscores how the rest of the Conservative Party is a bunch of crap, right?
Because he's popular.
Because he's funny.
He was in "Have I Got News For You".
Because she's a celebrity and people have been instilled in celebrity worship.
Londoners voted for him and so will the rest of the country.
When (and not if) he takes over the leadership of the party, the Tories' popularity will go through the roof I'm sure.
May God help us.
I'm not so sure: people love jokes, but don't want their prime minister to be one
This is exactly what they said about Londoners.
He should have brought with him his friend the cinder block, smarter than him
In many ways I think he's trying to copy R Branson
The Americans had one for their president.
The French have really and always lost interest in the History of the Pacific War.
For all those who have taken the trouble to read a few books (there are some, including a French and excellent one by B.
Millot), the “Solomons” and the “Scrap Strait” speak, unfortunately as much as the dead who remained there.
We understand that the Australians, who know (one of their heavy cruiser, the Australia, must always be there by the bottom since the battle of Savo) do not want to return.
We actually passed in front of Savo Island, in the "Iron Bottom Sound".
Even though the mission is coming to an end.
It's the little ones.
But the ecological side is a total smoke.
Calculate the kerozene consumed to achieve the goal totally discredits the concept.
Just browse the list of Sponsors That Are Philanthropists.
One more com operation neither done nor to be done.
The cow, it makes you want too !!!
I look forward to the webseries!
Your story makes me dream, identifying myself a little in the process (I also learned to sail with the Crocos de L'Elorn at the Moulin Blanc in the harbor of Brest!).
Hats off also for the ecological message, even if some criticize the impact of displacement.
The end justifies the means.
Continue to make us dream, and to show with pride that Bretons are great travelers!
Pierre, from Trinidad and Tobago.
Good evening I think the red bonnet who demonstrated against taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the Brittany Region and the City of Brest.
More seriously it seems to me that local communities and public bodies of all kinds should not devote a penny of our taxes to finance the dreams of a few adventurers even as sympathetic as those!
Are there any players in the current Serbian squad who are of Kosovar origin?
I know Dusan Bajevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly at Juventus and now at Fenerbahçe, are from Mitrovica, but I don't know if they are still in the squad.
Lyon defender Bisevac, not Bajevic.
Bajevic was a midfielder or earlier in the 70s and 80s and coached many teams in Greece, but I don't know where he is from.
Bajevic is from Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and played as a striker in the great team of Velez who, under the tutelage of the legendary Suleman Rebac, twice finished second in the Yugoslav league (and also had big names like Vahid Halilhodzic and Arsène Wenger's loyal teammate Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what happened to Krasic?
It was said he was going to be a great player when he was at Juve, he is currently in Turkey, but the last time he appeared on my radar screen he was linked to Blackburn * thrill *
There I can not help you.
I know he lost his place when Conte arrived, then he went to Fener and as far as I know he doesn't start there.
Maybe he can still do something, maybe in the Indian Super League?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania, don't be afraid.
You should like Albania because you are neighbors.
The thing is, the flag of this drone is not the flag of the real Albania today.
Apparently it was the flag of Greater Albania, which encompasses all areas where there is a significant Albanian presence.
A bit of excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, there was not too much damage (that I know of).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the map not of what is called Greater Albania, but of Albania from before 1913, when the great European powers decided to give pieces of the country to neighboring countries.
How can one have felt "an explosion of joy" when seeing two towers collapse knowing that women, men and undoubtedly children are inside?
How? 'Or' What ???
What bothers me a little in this "testimony" is that the mere fact of having been able, if only once, to spontaneously rejoice at the horrible death of thousands of people, testifies in my eyes of a "border line" personality whose "testimonies" should be taken with the greatest caution.
No doubt that in the short moment of "joy", we will not have thought of the deaths or the reality of the horror inflicted.
We just thought, for a moment, that, for once, Muslims had managed to really and apocalyptically harm the big bad Satan in his very heart.
To do something powerful.
Grandiose.
It seems that this sentiment was shared by thousands of Muslims consumed by their sense of humiliation.
With testimonies filmed in Palestine.
Classic Schadenfreude.
We suspected it a little.
The "Christian / White / Gallic" West cannot measure the degree of frustration, anger and hatred of the Musuman when it contemplates the general misery, the social and cultural underdevelopment of the Arab Muslim world today.
I am talking about the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers, not the towers of Dubai.
The past splendor, certainly magnified, is not a consolation, on the contrary.
How to get the Muslim world out of this evil funnel?
Completely in phase, 2 major poisons irrigate the Arab world: the bigoted conservatism of the powers in place and fascist nihilism.
The common point, the freezing of thought and the (soft or armed) excommunication of its critical expression.
That we understood it before, must not push back the Muslims.
This is the only way.
Did Edwy Plenel read this article?
I guess that's true in many countries.
But in Britain, autumn marks the start of six long, dark, wet and depressing months that are affecting the well-being and moods of many people.
Besides, everyone gets sick.
Seasonal depression.
I suffer from it myself.
When the light goes out, it becomes hell for me and those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a bit for mood and well-being.
Autumn is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The countryside in particular is breathtaking in the fall.
Not as breathtaking as the green of summer when everything is alive instead of about to die.
In Britain, if you're lucky, summer falls on a weekend.
We had a great summer this year, don't be cranky and ramble on clichés!
Not everybody.
I rarely get sick in winter.
But now I'm retired and I'm no longer developing immunity to outside germs, that may change I guess.
It's not about to die, it's just a step in a cycle ...
A wonderful stage full of intoxicating smells, with a feverishness that culminates with festivities like Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, the risk of snow and many other wonderful words.
Just don't stop doing things!
These are my holiday recommendations for you.
Yes, those dark gray months actually make me a lot happier and more relaxed.
For the taxation of supplements for children, it is the amount collected by the State which mainly comes from deciles 8 to 10.
But with regard to the number of households having seen their taxes increase following this measure, it is above all deciles 4 and 5 that are concerned (median income) according to graph 2.
The elimination of the half share, especially concerning widows, is not at all dealt with in the article or rather its impact is completely underestimated: 230M euros is a joke that does not take into account the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is painless.
And it's not ready to be arranged.
Well, we are not on the straw certainly, but pensive
For once the PS has a rather leftist policy, we will not cry ...
It is obvious that those in the richest 20% have to bear much more than 75% of the tax hike, why not 90%?
Let's continue this way and you will encourage that 20% to work less or to leave.
Okay, I know, that's not politically correct, but I'm saying it anyway.
Long live the Trots and the OCI recycled to the PS: they understood everything.
Adam, you can't see what you're looking at.
The proportion is always the same, here or in Bahrain: 20% of the population owns 80% of the wealth.
A fair tax is when it prohibits anyone from raising as much as they can.
Beyond a certain limit, money loses all its usefulness.
And once the usefulness of money is exceeded, money is only used to make money, that is to say to make the greatest number of people unhappy.
We are among the richest 20%.
No doubt also the 20% of households that work the most (and create wealth, part of which is logically redistributed).
A fair tax should allow these households to benefit from part of their efforts.
Or you might as well give up and live on social minimums, especially if you have social housing.
Fortunately, the utopias of Khmer Rouge head-cutters have lived.
I did two AirBnBs in Norway recently.
No problem.
In one of the two we had things that we would not have had in a 5 star hotel and we did not have to show up to reception or deal with any hassle.
You just have to go to someone's house, sleep there, tidy up behind you and go again.
From now on it will be my first option when I am traveling.
The logo has changed, people ...
Check your insurance before renting your home.
In most cases, you will need some kind of homeowner's insurance.
Make sure you are using a service with the correct logo!
Ah, 6 hours too late.
I love Airbnb.
"It is very dangerous and highly risky" No it is not true.
You were just really unlucky.
From the link provided in the article:
In his defense, Airbnb's response to Teman was swift, almost absurdly swift.
Within 24 hours, according to an email provided to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb sent a locksmith to change the locks, arranged for him to spend a week in the hotel, and transferred $ 23,817 (for which Airbnb is insured, but still).
So why is this article quoting Teman complaining that he received no support from Airbnb?
I LOVE AIRBNB, to receive as well as to travel
Hello I am looking for people who have already used air bnb just to reassure me.
I'm considering paying a down payment and a month's rent all at once but I'm a little afraid to send £ 1,600 to a site I've never really heard of.
But where are we going?
"Support the troops," sang the Bu $ herie in all tones ...
So harmless weapons.
I am sure it will please the families and relatives of the thousands of Kurds who died in halabja to learn that their relatives and friends have succumbed to something other than the chemical bombardments of Saddam Hussein.
Unless the content of the article has been drastically changed by the author, your comment is inappropriate (to be polite).
Moreover, how would this mass crime committed in 1988 prove that the chemical weapons discovered almost 20 years later were still usable?
It's not very clear the style of the author: "in search of weapons of mass destruction."
We totally agree.
You think it's time to weaken the army to strengthen education
Now is never the time to strengthen education because we are always at war.
Alternative: Is it ALWAYS the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war?
Education would already be greatly enhanced if we made “them” work 35 hours instead of 17.
By the hour, our teachers currently earn more than engineers.
And don't let us believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week preparing their program.
But that is not seen since the National Education does not have the means to provide an office in college / high school to its teachers so they work at home.
In short, a kind of forced teleworking, except that the employer does not pay for the computer, the Internet connection, or the supplies.
Besides, it's such a hideout at 5 p.m. a week and 4 months of vacation that we can't fill the CAPES in maths, come on, we are expecting you.
What do you mean you don't want to deal with poorly educated puppies whose parents spit on you and call you a wanker?
I think the priority in this area is to disarm the jihadis so that the Kurdish population can better flourish.
Where we see that the Bush administration has done absolutely everything wrong.
My first graduate job was in sales, in London, earning three times nothing and yet it was a position that required a degree.
A year later I saw an advertisement to be a worker for the London Underground, it was paid £ 5,000 more per year and we weren't even applying for the patent.
I have never looked back.
On that note, don't worry if you can't find a graduate job, try to find something that either pays well or that you enjoy doing.
If I had stayed with graduate jobs, I would still be paying my student loan
I don't really like corporate work, so I hope to eventually move into either the civil service or academia.
LOL LOL LOL This article is really late!
Exactly, when I graduated in 2011 there was already a three-year backlog.
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates?
Get rid of care-bearers such as art / literature / theater / media / philosophy / political science, that is to say what we call the diplomas of the unemployed.
I have one of these degrees and I ended up as a production manager.
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma but, as the above article says, a good professional journey, starting in school and throughout university.
Admittedly, the starting salary was lower, but we move up the ranks quickly because in the real world what matters is results more than knowledge.
This debate between engineering studies and artistic fields has been going on for years.
Scientists can't solve every problem, it's more important to be able to get up in the morning, get to work on time, and interact with people in a way that gets results.
Letters, philosophy and art are care-bearers?
It's ridiculous.
Guess you're talking about media study-like degrees or whatever abstruse field you've been to.
Letters, philosophy, political science and art are real fields.
We need people who can explain big issues to high school students, who understand the importance of the basics of culture like literature, art, etc., and who value them.
Wouldn't it be better for a real territorial policy to unclog Paris and boost the rest of France?
Personally, I find it hard to see the inhabitants of the far reaches of Essonne and Val-d'Oise making 80km round trips every day by bike to come to work in Paris.
The inhabitants of the inner city and of the inner city already have many means of public transport that are much more practical (metro, bus, tram).
&gt; Several secure and locked parks, as there are already in the cities of northern Europe, Dijon or Lyon, will be installed on the road.
Good idea.
On the surface, space is cannibalized by 2WD.
Incidentally, we hope that the City of Paris is working with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark.
They might as well benefit from their extensive experience in the field.
Well, we couldn't find a place for ONE bicycle hanger.
The motivation seems stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoë….
Okay, that's not right at all.
When we discuss with pedestrians and other public transport users the reasons why they do not pedal, it seems to me that the main reasons that stand out are: 1 / it's very dangerous with all these cars, these trucks, these scooters which drive super fast and don't give a damn about the survival of bikes 2 / we get a lot of pollution in our heads For me, cycle paths are a worst-case, we have to reduce car traffic (congestion charge type congestion charge), reduce speed ( Paris = zone 30), enforce the highway code by systematically verbalizing (even bicycles on the downside that the highway code written for cars 100 years ago must be adapted to bicycles), generalize buffer zones after the zebra crossings, not before otherwise cars and scooters do not interfere.
The cycle paths are apartheid, we have to live together but rebalance the occupation of urban space.
Nothing on the bike in the greater Paris?
Not a word on the place of cycling in public transport?
EELV is right.
The goal of 15% bike trips is ridiculous.
I'm starting to believe that Anne Hidalgo rolled the greens in flour.
Moreover, according to what OR reports, the EELV assistants seem skeptical.
I prefer to be optimistic.
Before the racketeering starts, it would be better to find out who is really behind this massacre.
Hint: it's not Russia.
Not sure I like the way the world is going.
It looks awful.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has expressed his intention to take the case to the ECHR, but I have not heard that a complaint has actually been filed.
In addition, they would have to file a complaint first in Germany or Ukraine.
I also expect these cases will be postponed pending the outcome of the accident investigation report and subsequent criminal investigation.
Yeah but Libya didn't blow up Pan Am 103 either.
Malaysia Airlines is not at fault, the fault lies with the authority responsible for airspace security, in this case the Ukrainian government.
Was the accident predictable?
Other planes had been shot down previously, Ukraine was launching air attacks against the rebels in the area, and any aircraft could of course be considered a possible and immediate threat.
Has the Ukrainian government taken reasonable precautions in the face of an obvious threat or has it chosen to gamble with the lives of innocent people so that the airlines pay the overflight rights over the territory?
Where are all the pro-Kiev trolls defending their usurping government / ultranationalists in western Ukraine - and who want to basically demonstrate that Putin shot down flight MH17.
As far as I know, there is already a complaint against the Kiev government because they are responsible for what is happening in their skies.
The precedent: a 1986 judgment of the International Court of Justice which found that the CIA's supply of arms to Contra rebel forces in Nicaragua did not mean the United States was responsible for their actions.
No way Russia will let this matter go to the ICJ.
Funny how Abbott wants to tell Putin that Australians have been murdered by Russian-backed rebels.
I hope he can present some evidence to support his claims.
So far the investigators have said nothing of the sort.
To be called Ricardo and to be such a boeotian in eco, it is distressing!
To call oneself Polar is to lose the north is rejoicing.
Just one Boeotian question: is the poor of today poorer than the poor of yesterday?
I can't help but notice that those who criticize Piketty's book the most virulently haven't read it!
It is easy to read, I took a few days.
It shows the statistical evolution of income-production, income-capital, inequalities-concentration, inequality of labor income, ownership of capital, merit and inheritance in the log term.
He shows that the concentration of capital today joins that of the beginning of the 20 ° before 1914, he shows that it is the 2 world wars which made the concentration of capital fall, from 1914 to 1945, then how the concentration resumes after...
Bernajuzan: you say no to what.
I ask you how long it took you to read this block knowing that the capacity of concentration of an individual has some limits.
Then the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is whether the summary of the central thesis given by the press is correct or not.
If it is correct, one can argue about it without having read the book, the essence of which is to argue one way in favor of it.
No, it's easy to read ...
Bernajuzan: how long did you take to read it?
Is the central thesis of its pavement, summarized by the press, false?
I have not read and will not read it.
I therefore rely on the summary of his central thesis and it is this that seems to me to be pure hype.
The notion of the gap between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Hasn't humanity been globally enriched?
And this enrichment coupled with an increase in population is the real political question today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and definitely deserves the award.
But remember she is only 17 years old.
An age when most people are just starting to find their place in the world.
I hope that this award will not be a burden on the young girl and that she will find her way to lead a happy life.
The problem is not the price but the political capital of Western governments who want to prove the old adage that colorful perverts are the embodiment of evil.
Best wishes to Malala, but she must realize that she is being used and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the popular areas of Britain!
Did anyone think his speech was a little weird.
She thanked her father for giving her so much freedom but mentioned that if she wasn't where she is now, she would have been married at 14.
Isn't Malala herself one of those "colorful perverts"?
You should not have any "airtime" on this site.
You yourself are a horrible pervert.
It is absolutely appalling.
No, her father was not going to marry her at 14.
She was 15 when she was shot.
Her father runs a school where girls go to school and he is in favor of equal rights for women.
He is, and always has been, for her to receive a higher education and to have the right to decide on her own marriage.
However, he is an unusual person in Pakistan, insofar as he thinks that women are equal to men.
What she was saying was that an average Pakistani girl often has to get married at 14, without having a say.
Sorry she didn't spell it out eloquently enough for you.
It might sound contradictory, but maybe she is saying that if her father hadn't given her freedom, she would have been married at 14.
Rather disappointed by this entry into season 4 and especially by Jessica Lange who obviously has a little trouble finding her character as Marlene Dietrich lookalike.
I just watched the last two seasons which are quite different but I have to admit it's one of the best horror series, one of the most successful!
A fascinating first episode.
The directing is close to perfection and Jessica Lange's show singing Bowie's anachronistic Life on Mars is simply stunning.
I have not yet watched this new season (which will be the last for me, without Lange blah blah).
In the case of American Horror Story, I suddenly preferred to watch 13 episodes spread over 3 to 4 months.
But one thing is certain, apart from the extraordinary Jessica Lange, it is above all the risks of staging and editing that amaze me.
We have in AHS an avalanche of original shots that ridicule the sanitization of today's productions.
It escapes me a little to see you throw in the towel in advance for the next few seasons without even waiting to be able to gauge the quality.
Jessica Lange is certainly a mainstay of this series but, you put it so well, there are many other things as well.
No it's just that for me Jessica Lange (and especially her voice and the way she uses it) is really ONE of the pillars of the series apart from the technical qualities.
And hey, I watch a lot for her.
Then I find that the series sins by writing, it wants to do too many things at the same time.
Season 3 was slightly below, in the 2 it was too dispersed despite some excellent episodes.
I don't see them doing 10 seasons of American Horror Story or it's going to end like 24 hours flat.
But hey everyone does what they want eh!
It is by what I say "I will not look afterwards" that everyone is obliged to do the same!
I just share my point of view nothing more, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, I think it will be fatal to her.
But then, here it is, it's just my opinion.
Let's talk less about tax hikes, please - let's cut government spending instead.
No, let's increase the spending please.
Those who wanted to cut spending failed.
Trigger controversy over relatively small items of expenditure, such as development aid
The problem is, this is less than the margin of error in government spending in the UK.
The truth is we are all talking about nuances rather than the shift in focus that voters seem to be calling for and all the while some on each side are pretending those nuances are much more important. and substantial than they are - and voters see their game clearly and find them in bad faith.
Less than 1% of expenses.
“Debt” is assets held primarily by financial institutions in this country.
“Debt” is nothing to worry about.
I wouldn't have a problem with the government taking a third of my income (even before talking about consumption taxes) if I thought it was going to put it to good use.
But that's not the case, and many taxpayers feel the same way.
They say Nigel Farage wasn't entirely honest about how to cut taxes but hey, if you add up our net contribution to the EU, development aid, High Speed 2, wind turbine subsidies roughly unnecessary and nuclear power plants costing twice what they should, you arrive at a figure that makes Labor and Lib-Dem tax on the most luxurious residences seem ridiculous.
Your first £ 10,000 is tax free.
This means that someone earning £ 35,000 a year will pay around £ 5,000 (one-seventh of their salary), someone with £ 50,000 would pay around £ 10,000 (one-fifth), etc. and someone with £ 200,000 pays around £ 70,000 (a little over a third).
What about social contributions?
Plus social contributions, plus local taxes, plus parking fees and car sticker, and that's before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is taken at source before local taxes and the car sticker.
I get paid decently, but not extravagantly.
Not that that's a problem, of course I'm happy to pay my taxes.
But let's not pretend that money is falling from the sky, or that it doesn't matter where billions of pounds in taxes go.
How can an unemployed person looking for work door to door prove it?
Even though, 20% of the unemployed would not look, that means 80% seek and do not find.
Being myself unemployed, do I have more interest in what others are looking for or not?
Whether a potential recruiter receives 10 or 20 CVs increases my chances of that much.
In fact, I haven't heard from Pôle Emploi for months, does that mean that the agents are more occupied with checks than really entering job ads?
I do not see the interest.
Because it is not for the state to provide work.
If Pole Emploi does not provide enough positions, then Pole Emploi must be dispensed with.
How is this a sensitive subject?
We all have rights and duties, in this case we make sure that the unemployed fulfill their duties in return for their rights.
Just as a controller asks the users of a means of transport for their transport tickets, so does a manager or are the employees of their work, etc.
Nobody screams scandal in these cases, right?
It is indeed good to remember that the unemployed have rights: the only two times I had to deal with Pôle Emploi, my rights at the AER had been poorly established, and on one of the files, reduced by 40% , we had to fight hard.
That takes time !
I am not an expert in law.
The registration and control are currently taking over, while the Pôle Emploi statute is close to being, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the subject of compensation should only concern employees, they are the ones who pay the contributions.
Politicians and non-salaried French people grant themselves rights that they do not in fact have!
It is not normal.
I would add that a decent unemployment insurance contributes to the promotion of salaried work.
More than to wait for murderous tweets in Arabic ...
In reality there must be a direct military response in Iraq / Syria which will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this conflict zone.
The situation would then resemble the spread of the Black Death in 1348/9 in connection with the war and the displacement of populations at the time.
The Saudis had the presence of mind to ban the Hajj in Mecca this year to Muslim pilgrims from the three affected countries.
El Pais reports that 7,400 have had their visa applications refused because of their country of origin or recent travels.
In fact there was the case of a pilgrim from Bosnia who contracted smallpox in Mecca during the Hajj in the 1980s, probably infected by a pilgrim from Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope the rest of the world will have the same presence of mind.
Is it heartless to offer to prevent Ebola patients from boarding a plane to Europe?
I thought it was just common sense but apparently those "in the know" decided that we could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people ...
Those West African countries where Ebola is out of control should be put under strict quarantine.
Nobody comes out.
Only health personnel can enter.
21 days of waiting after treating patients before they can leave.
If they contract the Ebola virus while they are there, they stay there until they are cured.
These are not drastic measures.
Just last week, people were infected after coming into contact with people in West Africa despite taking "all necessary precautions".
We can stop the advance of this disease.
It is mainly spread by airlines.
Let us forbid them to offer to fly to these countries.
In addition, customs officials at airports should be trained to spot people with typical symptoms of Ebola, so that they can be quarantined immediately.
Let him get the message across to the first individual and the second (including religious) group and he will have earned the Nobel Peace Prize.
I doubt that he is capable of erecting in dogma the image of God characterized by the total cortices of the planet in operation.
He is still far from this conception.
It has only been 20 years since information appeared as the given bonus of humanity, while religion, stemming from the cerebellum, directs our actions from Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming yet another Protestant church?
For those who have not noticed, Catholicism is largely in the minority in France today, no one is forced to adhere to it.
Those who criticize would not set foot in the Church anyway, one has only to see the low number of Protestants in France.
What is the next step, we remove the notion of sin, too "anxiety"?
@louise: Sorry the church does not have a vision limited to France.
And in the world, maybe this will allow us to reach more people ...
@Martine E, to be honest (as usual) respect for others as you see it pre-existed christ.
Hillel a century before him already said: "do not do to others what you do not want that one does to you, this is all the Torah and the rest is only comment: go and study!".
Christianity goes well beyond a simple reciprocity but introduces agape.
Your "advancing justice, peace, fraternity" but without god?
Is it a return to communism? :-)
Next step: we remove the incarnation and the resurrection.
Jesus will remain this hero who upset moral laws by redefining respect for others.
Christians will then be ready to assume their role in the ethical debates of our societies and to advance justice, peace and fraternity.
Not very Catholic?
I think I remember that the low number of Protestants in France is mainly explained by the fact that their ancestors were exterminated then forcibly converted and forced into immigration a few centuries ago.
I'm too hesitant to buy this, the new Alien game, or Wasteland 2.
And the new Elite game is coming out soon.
You can not make that up.
I personally would choose SoM.
I like Wasteland 2 (I even took part in its fundraising campaign) but I don't think it's worth £ 30.
If it's the PC version you're interested in, Green Man Gaming is currently selling SoM for £ 30 and also has a 20% off voucher.
Green Man Gaming currently sells SoM for £ 30 and also offers a 20% off voucher.
I will watch.
Obviously not at work.
The IT department's killjoys block all cool sites.
Hello, is it £ 30 then 20% off, or does the £ 30 include the 20% off?
Be careful though: the PC version is only for DX11.
it took me by surprise, i bought it, but can't play it.
Plus I bought it on Steam, so no refunds suck.
It's time to buy a new video card * shout out *
It's a Brazilian site, but you get a valid Steam ID I believe.
Caveat emptor and all that: I haven't used it myself.
Amazon £ 30 for PC, £ 35 for Xbox 360 and PS3, £ 44 for Xbox and PS4
Thank you, I would be afraid that one day they will delete it from your library if they decide to crack down on people who buy it there while they are outside the intended region.
Join the beta version of Elite: Dangerous.
So, was the France of 1940 a "putrid soil"?
Say, this Nobel Prize looks like a poisoned gift to me.
Do you have to like the France of 40, that of "the strange defeat"?
When we see who gets the Nobel for literature, we wonder if Proust or Dostoyevsky would have it today.
The Nobel is not even an event, we don't even want to read the award-winning authors.
Will Brazilians, Chinese or Australians read Modiano which is already difficult to read in French and which describes a universe so limited and so egocentric?
I hope the other Nobels are more credible but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Musso have only a distant connection with literature.
Have you read it at least?
Or another Nobel Prize?
It would be better to judge.
As for the Chinese, Brazilians and others, don't worry about them.
Foreigners are very sensitive to French literature and culture.
They will appreciate Mr.
Modiano at his true value, if they do not already know him!
For your part, continue to frequent Lévy and Musso.
I share your opinion.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso keep all their chances.
So let's see who got the Nobel Prize for Literature: H.
Pinter in 2005, D.
Hello awful people.
Ever since I drove one in Iceland, I keep seeing Kia Sportages everywhere.
I think this stuff followed me this far.
Maybe she wants to crush me?
Or swallow me like the horrible computer from Superman III?
Hello Dantra, still hate?
Hello DQ - no, not today, I took my meds.
It's Wednesday !
I had a few days off.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the Nottingham Oktoberfest and Cider Festival.
It was messy.
I managed to taste 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel being one of my favorites.
I was pleasantly surprised by the mix of people there, it wasn't just CAMRA fanatics (not to be confused with camera fanatics).
Driving back on Sunday was really tough.
Monday night we went to a friend's grandfather to play nine card brag.
Thanks to a real beginner's luck I was able to walk away with several decent bets.
I hope if I get to 95 I will be as lively as him.
Last night I went to a fancy cocktail bar in Farringdon.
One of my drinks came with a slice of bacon on it.
I admire Mr.
Read a little Buddha and you will understand how much you are wrong, dear Christian.
Having said that, without wanting to upset you, I think you are straying a bit from the topic.
This famous totality, it prohibits the quests for the jihadists at the exit of the mosques.
It immediately reports arms trafficking.
Either we have our eyes wide open like Meddeb and Taïa or Boubaker or we have our eyes wide closed.
It's necessary to choose.
It is not by keeping your eyes closed that you gain access to light.
Forgive me, dear Christian, but once again, you are making a monumental misunderstanding: all the authorities, organizations or representative associations, Muslim or not, having formally condemned ISIS and its crimes, the French, Muslims or not , have nothing to add to these unanimous official condemnations.
Who is silent consents.
The problem is, people like you see them first as Muslims, Arabs or Africans.
Not like the French.
Unfortunately, dear Kentoc'h Mervel, doubt exists for everyone.
As I have said a thousand times, some doubt the approval by the French Jews of the Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be stupid and indecent to accuse them a priori and to demand that they demonstrate publicly to prove to the rest of French society that she is wrong to doubt.
This principle is in my eyes the negation of the republic and can only contribute to disintegrating French society.
If there is no doubt, you might as well say so.
Who does not say a word consents, but consents to what?
Consent to proximity to IS or condemnation of IS.
Silence is very practical, it is the main weapon of those who want to spare the goat and the cabbage.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically untenable.
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could 'take revenge' on parties represented in Westminster in the election because a huge gap has grown between their decentralization proposals and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence.
Cameron must be petrified at the prospect of losing all those seats in Westminster ...
Cameron must laugh.
What are these threats?
The Conservatives don't give a damn about Scotland as they have no base there.
They can do whatever they want with electoral impunity.
I don't think even Cameron is stupid enough to believe that Labor losing seats in Westminster to the SNP is a long-term good thing for him and the Tories.
Who will shed a tear for the Labor Party.
They will be completely eliminated in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP who will cut off their heads in the north.
Ed Miliband joined the "PROMISE" thinking he was saving his party but not realizing he was signing the death warrant for his Scottish MPs.
No wonder some Labor MPs are holding their leader to account.
If the SNP wins 20-25 seats and there is no majority in parliament, even if the seats are not from the Tories, then they will be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they can force both the Conservatives and Labor to do what they promised for maximum decentralization.
I think that's more important.
Not if Labor or the Conservatives ever want to be re-elected in England.
Waxing the pumps by 8% to the detriment of 85% is not a great electoral strategy.
In addition, once Scottish MPs can no longer vote on matters that concern England, the Conservatives will win all the votes.
Oh, I think he is.
Cameron may not have much to lose, but Miliband does.
Maggie did it with the Ulster Unionists and it worked well for her.
Yet he is still in the running for prime minister in 2015 and has been since winning the Labor Party leadership.
So basically these boxes will be virtually behind every reader to look over their shoulder and see what they're reading, how they're reading, and right through.
It is “The Lives of Others” of East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of FRIC…
Still the same fascination with surveillance techniques.
Ultimately, this will have at least a sterilizing effect.
I'm waiting for the next post: Amazon makes YOUR book according to YOUR profile and that automatically thanks to an algorithm of its secret!
It's as gay as the world.
Strongly stimulate.
Thanks for the article.
As under this system, the management of DRMs is not implemented, I still have to read pirated files, books in the public domain or bought from a few publishers who have the intelligence to offer files without cookies.
Considering the price I paid for the Kobo, it's no regrets.
I am amazed at the widespread abdication of users in the face of the widespread appropriation of their privacy.
At your general public bookseller, you will systematically notice that everyone gives their loyalty card (fn * c, d ** itre,…).
There are also demanding masterpieces whose open and completion rates are arguably paltry.
For example "Finnegans Wake" by James Joyce.
@Thomas: In the era of Big Data, data doesn't really have to be personal to be relevant.
Be careful not to put all the literature in the same bin.
The collection of anonymous data when there is a profile….
The harvest is not anonymous.
It is the data published by Kobo that is published, which does not allow readers or authors to be identified.
But Kobo does have all of this information.
There have been so many exaggerated, misleading and contradictory statements from the Turkish government in recent days that the country appears to be run by a kindergarten class full of schizophrenic kids on acid.
It's even worse than that if you take Erdogan's religious fundamentalism into account.
It's interesting that some Erdogan supporter thinks Islamist is such an insult that they delete your comment, but not mine. ;-)
Good point :-P But Turkey does not want to shoot themselves in the foot, unless they gain something.
If it attacks ISIS, ISIS will retaliate, so it's effectively shooting itself in the foot.
A retired diplomat wrote on his blog: “The PA reports that Iran has warned the United States that it would be a mistake to seek to overthrow Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad as it would endanger security. from Israel.
It is not clear in the article whether Iran was sending this a serious warning of retaliation or whether it was simply advising caution.
This second option is more likely and, in any case, what really surprises is that today the Iranian and American diplomatic engagement concerns Syria, Israel and the security of the region ”.
Reading Indian Punchline is highly recommended for anyone who pays attention to detail rather than the c * nneries swayed by mainstream media. The short article you link to is important and should be read keeping in mind previous realistic observations / warnings from Iran about Afghanistan around 1979 - 1980.
Who are these "moderates" who are seriously fighting the horrible secular Assad and at the same time the perverts of ISIS?
Pipeline politics is pushing the world into the abyss and I would suggest that those who refer to nonexistent "moderates" pay more attention to the facts and alternatives before sending the children of others to fight in WWIII.
"It's even worse than that if you take Erdogan's religious fundamentalism into account" Are there other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
There should be a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
It should " ?
Do you realize that neither the criminals nor the victims have the slightest chance of being alive?
A little late for that, buddy ...
Aren't criminals barely old now, like 120 years old?
A little late for that, right?
Particularly regarding the triumvirate of the CUP which planned and directed the genocide, Talaat and Djemaal killed just after WW1 in revenge by the Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a lost part of Central Asia roughly in the same time, when he went there dreaming of founding a Turkish empire there.
What delirium!
An impressive mastery of the fallacy of the fatal slope, but other than that, we seek in vain for contact with reality.
So many clichés without argumentation.
The fetus will always hear a beating heart even in the womb of a surrogate mother.
Lesbian couples may just want a child and not want to be accepted.
Straight couples are sterile too.
As for the children!
What a shame to designate them as future psychological imbalances.
One day, they will have the age to defend themselves, to say that they are happy to live, to earn a living and to pay the retirement of this lady (?)
Surrogacy is undoubtedly a temporary "solution" in the evolution of medicine in our world.
It does not date from today.
Many women have borne and brought into the world children who were not their husbands.
It is still so, we are thus made ...
The important thing in this regard is that this practice be regulated so that the "commodification" of the body is limited.
But aren't cosmetic surgery and cosmetics also a commodification of the body? !
Anakronik Fareinheit ...
It is certainly more elegant to get a maid pregnant in a distant land via the internet and Pay Pal than to shoulder its responsibilities and or avoid scandal in another century near home without shouting it from the rooftops at that time! ...
These practices were also not done in the name of the church! ...
It is not only Christians and believers who refuse these practices ...
The fact remains that the exploitation of bodies is a real problem.
Oh shut up, this man is passionate about something.
In the late 1970s in the Midlands I only saw this from afar.
I had to go there during the day because I was not allowed to go there at night!
But if you liked it and you listen to the music - this music today still touches you so much.
I don't know why there are so many derogatory comments here about what Paul Mason is saying, maybe they are posted by people who have never been cool even for a few years!
I believe in the sports section there is an article on football waiting for your comments.
Great article, very true.
Since Tony Parson's film, there is a dearth of reporting that truly reflects the reality of the culture of the North of England.
No wonder Paul Mason understood the social and political context well, he understands things well.
Northern soul is still alive, but it has been vampirized by capitalism and today it is essentially a surface phenomenon.
That said, you can give it a listen if you're in the London area in November: 99psoul is going to play soul vinyl again, including plenty of Northern soul, on Saturday November 15th at Betsey Trotwood in Farringdon.
I too thought "always the same story", but here is a small well written and well thought out article.
your criticisms really need to be more constructive.
Great article.
I loved your documentary.
Guess you're glad you escaped Newsnight.
Last train to Wigan from Victoria / Exchange and get off at Wallgate.
By swallowing pills.
Whatever the station before Wigan was Ince, 15 min walk from Wigan after buying a ticket for the stop after Victoria!
The beginnings of the Northern Soul scene are described in an excellent episode of the George Gently crime series titled Gently Northern Soul, set in Newcastle in 1968.
Business is becoming more and more poisonous.
The Palestinians do not have a partner for peace.
Sadly, Netanyahu never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
@Jonathan: Netanyahu does not seek peace since he wants to continue to occupy-colonize (besides, it was also the case of Rabin).
It is evident that Rabin, Netanyahu and their constituents all preferred occupation-colonization to peace.
He took off his clothes, put them on the rock and entered the water.
An Israeli had stolen them from him.
The Israeli representative stood up in anger and shouted: "What are you talking about?
The Israelis weren't even there at the time! "
The Palestinian (UN) representative smiled and added: and now that things are clear
Israel and the majority of its population have no faith in the bipolar government of the Palestinian Authority and will not let their guard down ...
That it displeases the anti-Israelis is obvious, it is not the desired goal ...
Anti-Zionist: But I answered you, I translate: the world geopolitical report ...
And it is always thus since the Politics is globalized ...
Avoidance, avoidance ...
In the Israeli-colonialist conflict, for the creation of the Palestinian state, it is certain, it continues!
For the creation of Israel you do not answer.
What balance of power allowed the creation of Israel?
Anti-Zionist: the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still a balance of power today!
You doubt it? !!! ...
Besides, this isn't all about Russell Brand, but Guardian reporters seem to have a hard time getting past anything he doesn't have to say.
Much of what he says is pseudo-Chomskyist nonsense written by others.
This proves that you don't understand what Russell Brand is saying, or what Noam Chomsky is saying.
It's just a series of personal attacks and innuendo (my 13 year old daughter likes it, which would mean it's all about immaturity).
A truly vicious charge, with just a hint of realizing that Russell Brand is telling some truths, maybe truths you'd rather not think about.
Hang in there, this feeling is going to be more and more widespread!
I can understand why Brand annoys some: he talks pretentiously sometimes and after all the tabloid nonsense he does indeed sound like a rookie populist, but the whole thing of not voting has been completely misinterpreted according to me.
The general consensus seems to be that he is just telling people not to vote and instead just sit back and ignore the whole political process - but if you watch Paxman's interview and other articles / videos he posted, he says voting only once every 5 years for Labor or Conservatives (or Lib Dems I guess) and limiting democratic engagement to that is completely unnecessary, both parties (to slightly different degrees) governing primarily in favor of special interests, multinational corporations and the rich, At no point does he say just ignore politics altogether because these parties do not govern in our name: he insists that rather than just vote and disconnect for five years, people should become much more politically active at the local level, organize movements, demonstrations, petitions, whatever and try to influence politics from this side.
I'm not saying I necessarily agree with his solution (because I think being politically active by making demands can go hand in hand with voting, as politicians are weathervanes that will change their minds. if they really risk losing the election), but it's infuriating to see all these condescending responses that say that this jesus-like jerk is telling young people not to bother to vote and just hope everything will be better because that this is really distorting his arguments.
His solution is extremely questionable and it would be great if people debated what he actually said rather than just labeling him as irresponsible and putting aside the concerns of him and a large number of people left behind.
Yes thanks.
The voting thing has been completely twisted.
The pointlessness of slipping a ballot into a ballot box every 5 years annoys me deeply since my vote really counts for nothing.
I want more referendums, electronic voting, direct democracy and MPs who report locally to their constituents.
Also, I take issue with the idea that Russell Brand's words are not his (written by others).
He's smart enough to come up with his own words and ideas, even though these are heavily influenced by the kind of counterculture anti-establishment thinkers and academics Suzanne would like to lump together under the label "pseudo-billevesées". Chomskysts ”.
I am rather convinced that in a debate he would succeed in convincing Suzanne.
Maybe that's what the Guardian could do, have Suzanne do like Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a veranda, even with the nods added to the cut!
Like Max Keizer, who initially attacked Russel but ended up becoming a fan of his and inviting him to his show, it's too easy to attack him without really understanding where he's going.
It taps into a political discourse that has been around for generations, but has been marginalized by mainstream media - including the Guardian - for generations.
This "sling" reveals above all to my eyes that the intellectual debate has not been held for a long time at the RDV of History where professional historians have become a minority and where exchanges of specialists have become poorer for the benefit of ready-to-think. Sciences Po-type condensed versions for press kits.
For my part I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu as well as that of Michel Foucault, a need to attack a culprit, a scapegoat.
They both develop very rational reasoning, but this rationality is based on these scapegoats which are the keystone of their thinking.
I rather believe that for Foucault the State was indispensable as the culprit.
This is part of a very archaic thought, sacrificial thought, which is also magical thought.
We solve the problem of the relationship to the other by eliminating it.
There is an anarchizing, neo-lib and / or / libertarian slope (of the two terms the second marks a hardening of the desire for the eradication of the State, the first knowing how to seek State aid for its markets) at at least sense of state / not at all state in Foucault.
The old dream of the base which is self-organizing beautifully.
Its thought is built on the guilt of the State: without this guilt it cannot stand.
Who says guilty, says elimination, murder, sacrifice.
This is not a stand against the three intellectuals cited here.
Nor support for that matter.
The totalitarian left remembers the good old days, that of its then god, Stalin, the little father of peoples.
Oulala, you have no doubt read a chouya too quickly if you have taken Foucault's texts on the Iranian revolution for an apology for Khomeini.
Today, even Pierre Manent would no longer have fun attacking Michel in this way ...
Gauchet poses a deep reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective, on the difficulty represented by the mechanism of membership in our advanced liberal societies.
Whether we agree or disagree with him, he is an original and respectable thinker.
Seeing this cabal orchestrated by hard-left humanities researchers who can't stand to dispense with allegiance to their mantras is quite laughable.
The narcisism and authoritarianism of these people is limitless.
An important point to add seems to me to be the posture of these "rebels", which is only intellectual and theoretical.
The treatment of Chinese and other "yellows" that I have witnessed in Russia is absolutely incredible.
You haven't had the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where was it in Russia that a Russian could meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I don't remember when I last saw a Chinese.
In London and they were nice to me when they found out I was Russian.
In Russia here - in the 1990s the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think the same of the Whites!
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and Guangzhou a long time ago, in the middle of the 20th century, and I still hear some of them making violently anti-white comments.
My father is not happy that his eldest daughter is dating a white man.
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and especially in recent years: they are getting richer, prosperity is spreading outside the big cities, and thanks to this prosperity people are traveling there. stranger and see how others live.
From what I've been told, Russians are mostly prejudiced against unskilled temporary workers from the Caucasus and Central Asia, who work in trades and in areas where they are very likely to be exploited. by their employers or faced with high crime and violence.
Although I have lived on the banks of the Yenisei River in Siberia.
Unfortunately, I have heard the opinions of Australians on the Chinese and the Aborigines.
It's really weird that a foreigner tells me that I can't stand the Chinese, when I have met two of them in my life (including one abroad), have not kept bad memories, all of them people are equal and, in fact, those in London were very nice that's the only reason I remembered they were Chinese.
Otherwise we don't remember who we meet, all people are the same, how can we remember who was who.
Do you know what's weird?
Let you and the other Russian here talk about the Chinese as some kind of unique fascination, as if they are an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you still go out with said White.
How many Chinese men are with White women, by comparison?
None, because there is a good chance that the parents of these white women would attack them PHYSICALLY.
No measure of the impartiality of justice.
However, it is the mother of all battles and justice in France remains manipulated by groups strongly marked on the left such as the magistrate's union ...
@Marabout: sorry, but the legal circles are frankly right.
As for the Syndicat de la magistrature, it represents only 25% of judges.
If a measure of its bias can be made from the relativity of the application of laws in courts, it requires removing two obstacles.
That of the political vision of the observer as that of the factual interpretation of the magistrate.
It then remains the obligatory tool of the law to refocus the evaluation on the fundamentals.
The extent of its non-compliance with all judicial acts of magistrates, including the prosecution, forces us to make a distinction between error and partiality of magistrates.
It would be futile to pretend that acts of justice are not distributed among these three groups.
The claim and the ignorance do not fall under an objective analysis.
And if all this is not analyzed, how then can we say that justice is improving in France?
If only through statistics implicitly revealing that it is starting from a low point.
The preceding preamble allows the following to be properly inscribed in the third ratio.
That of the corruption * of the magistracy.
Sensitive subject in proportion to the power of nuisance * which is conferred on the judicial institution capable of such a heresy.
The field considered is that of the spoliation * of heirs committed up to the means of procedural fraud * by inheritance genealogists mandated by notaries.
This profession obtains, year in and year out, 150 million euros while benefiting from the coverage * provided by the quasi-judicial impunity * of the French notariat.
For the understanding of their mechanism, part of it was reported in the comments following the first publication.
Where this meets the said statistical improvement * moderated by the previous comment, is that the judicial institution has produced, during many disputes between genealogist and heirs reluctant to be robbed in this way, a whole set of jurisprudence contrary to all laws. favorable to heirs.
Isn't the presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria then an elaborate form of lying?
Surely totally prohibitive prices.
More material to rip off the disabled.
You could say that, but my brother has one of those all terrain tricycles, custom built for his size and weight and it really allowed him to enjoy the outdoors like never before in a normal wheelchair, with bulky wheels and tires, could not.
As they say, the tastes and the colors ...
The Tankchairi looks like what Jeremy Clarkson might invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
The Tankchair looks EPIC.
I don't think the inventor of the Whill ever had to clean dog poop from a caterpillar.
I'm sure my sister would love the all terrain tricycle, but it's just too expensive.
The ultra long distance wheelchair would be perfect for a disabled person with a penchant for longboarding.
Here there are hills that they would like.
The prices do seem high, but there really are people who put that kind of price on a bike, so “see”.
The all-terrain tricycle seems particularly useful to me.
Not all disabled people are poor, however.
Many of them have at their disposal insurance of a reasonable amount.
Only if they have become disabled.
The thing is, the wheelchair market is a niche, so they can afford to charge high prices for things that they know are needed.
We can't really say that the Whill is minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
unfortunately it is just a draft, there are no plans to manufacture it.
I'm HAPPY the "long distance" wheelchair isn't coming to the market, because apparently there's no way to drive the damn thing.
Nearly 20,000 homes have been destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza in heavy shelling of densely populated residential areas.
Two million human beings have been prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power of the Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half are children and young people under the age of 18.
The eight-year-olds have lived their whole lives under Israeli blockade!
A unique situation in the world, an unacceptable situation, an illegal situation too, since this blockade inflicts a "collective punishment" on all civilians in Gaza.
"Entrepreneurs who work on their projects divert a little of their cement towards the black market" ...
Ah that's not the tongue of wood, rather concrete and armed the lady ...
References are there to support an argument or a fact.
Anti-Zionist ...
The right cement goes in the tunnels!
There is the black market for sure, and recognized.
Two million human beings have been trapped in the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
Unique situation in the world, unacceptable situation for anyone who has a heart and a moral sense.
The United States has a well-guarded ground: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi did not have the necessary time to govern because the dictatorship (backed by who you know) excluded him!
Do not forget also that after having lifted it, Morsi had re-established the blockade !!!
And I am a Westerner, so I approve ...
Jonathan ...
The Blockade is Israeli-Egyptian ...
The children of Gaza live on an underground fortress, built upside down from the people who have chosen their masters!
Having a boat is a lot of work, Aleks.
Hope you have given it a good thought.
Couchsurfing is much cooler than Airbnb.
This is the very definition of the sharing, non-profit economy.
Many are only looking for a one-night stand on Couchsurfing.
So it's getting paid (or at least hoping for it) in another way.
It's always much cheaper than a hotel, if you have to look for the right addresses.
Additionally, trusting owners and renters often stop using Airbnb and deal directly in cash, bypassing Airbnb.
Where is the community in all of this.
"What is she leasing on"?
No problem with the verb, what's wrong with your grammar?
We don't use the verb “to let” in the United States.
The author simply used an American expression.
It's an international newspaper now, in case you haven't noticed.
It would be better to have the right insurance for the boat, make sure it is 100% compliant with all safety regulations and ask those who manage canals and rivers for permission to engage in commercial activity there (which they will certainly refuse). I have a boat and tried to see how to rent it (in all honesty) on Airbnb, In short, it really is a nightmare ...
Have you thought about the fact that boats can be moved, stolen and repainted, sunk, etc. ?
The barges are so slow that if someone tried to steal it it would always be close to where you left it.
Or hijacked by pirates ...
all these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our barges ...
Where are you going to moor it?
No Marine Le Pen is not right!
Populism?
There is no truth other than that which states the facts!
Poverty is increasing in France.
More than 150,000 young people leave school without training.
The increase in wealth in the hands of the wealthier is a reality.
Who defends whom?
Who defends what?
In 2017, mass will be said!
Capitalism is not going to get poorer!
High finance, speculates, plays with our companies therefore our jobs, with our raw materials, therefore our purchases, our foodstuffs therefore our food, with the structures of care therefore our health, with our debts therefore our institutions.
They are a threat in our daily lives by the same and by our money that they hold.
All this for the benefit of a few hyper-mega-obese money.
Until proven otherwise, FH said: "my enemy has no name, my enemy has no face, my enemy is finance".
It was in 2012.
In 2014, he appointed a former member of the Rothschild bank as Minister of the Economy, in order to better defend the interests of the banksters, who alone were responsible for the 2007 crisis.
Was there no one else competent?
What do you call it: turn over his jacket, lower his pants?
Primary and populist reaction
In fact, we don't really know what Marine Le Pen thinks.
Where did you see this?
Because the Germans refused to rescue the survivors.
I'm not sure Spee really "refused" to rescue the survivors.
One aspect of this battle is that neither side seemed sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book "Castles of Steel" suggests that Spee quickly left the area because he had received a report indicating a British battleship in the area.
The sea was rough at the start of the day; I don't know if this was still the case at the end of the battle?
Likewise, the fight ended after sunset, making any rescue operation more difficult.
Compare that with the next battle, that of the Falklands, where in the photos showing the survivors being rescued, we see a calm sea in broad daylight.
In addition, the rescuers knew that at this stage there were no more German fighters in the area.
Hmm, that doesn't quite match what I remember reading about this battle, so I did a quick Wikipedia search:
“There was some confusion among the German ships as to the fate of the two armored cruisers, which had vanished in the dark after ceasing to fire, and a chase began.
The Leipzig saw something on fire, but as it got closer it saw that it was just a wreck.
The Nürnberg, slower than the other German ships, joined the battle late and saw the Monmouth, tilted and badly damaged but still moving.
After shining his spotlight on the flag of the ship, the offer to surrender was refused and he opened fire, eventually sinking the ship.
Without reliable information, von Spee decided that the Good Hope must have escaped and stopped the search at 10:15 p.m.
Worried about reports of a British battleship in the vicinity, he headed north ”.
So if this is true, the Germans, groping in the dark before the invention of radar, did not know that a ship had sunk, and therefore could not search for survivors.
They also believed that there was a larger Royal Navy battleship in the area which could have damaged them badly, so in the confusion they scrambled to take advantage of their advance.
They were far away from their base and Spee was well aware that they would have to fight their way through many Royal Navy ships.
Cradock's sacrifice had already harmed them and cost them about half of their ammo, dooming them when they were finally taken.
Several voices rise to the UMP to ask that it be registered in the law that an elected definitively condemned is thus definitively ineligible.
This is a courageous position, which would also affect elected officials on the left of course.
But nooo, this is a joke.
FOR THIS IDEA I PROPOSE A SUBSCRIPTION TO THE WALL OF THE CONS DES MAGISTRATES
When will unions be banned in sectors already protected?
How long will we tolerate this distortion of equality between citizens?
Maintained by politicians whose vision of society is limited to these sectors, always quick to coax those very people who will take advantage of their irremovability to hinder the actions of real politicians, who really try to make things happen, not the beautiful talkers whose immobility is commensurate with their complacency.
I met them in the metro around noon with their little "money for justice" signs. They came from the provinces and did not distinguish between Bercy and the POPB.
She supports the existence of politicized unions whose members put the enormous power they wield at the service of her party.
It would not defend the same theses if right-wing, or even far-right, unions designated personalities on its side as targets and waged a legal-media war against them.
Your affirmations are completely free.
If, currently the right covers the legal news, it is simply that it has committed acts which fall under it!
There is no example of a leftist personality who has had so much to do with Justice, but all those who have been the object of his attention have not received preferential treatment.
On the other hand, it should also be remembered that the union of the judiciary which is on the left is not the only union of magistrates and that it is in the minority.
That a minister supports unions with such commitment shows how useful they can be.
@MCR The union you are quoting may be in the minority among the magistrates, but its influence is great in the Chancellery, it's no secret.
We now wonder if the "mission" of certain judges is not more to dirty rather than to instruct.
@ gus - You should be satisfied, the SM is in the minority.
What are you complaining about?
@Pivoine: you forget that magistrates are not civil servants like the others: they are the only ones to have the power to indict and to imprison everyone.
Jade Goody?
What if none of the participants ever come back?
Hello, Katie Waissel.
I believe even the most fame-hungry moron realizes that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career, so I'd be surprised if someone would take their offer.
Many have used it as a springboard to start a successful career.
One Direction is filling stadiums all over the world.
Others then sold a lot of records or left for the West End.
Popstars, the precursor to all of these programs, started Chreyl Cole, who, in fact, is on the jury.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Celine Dion, Cliff Richard, all competed in Eurovision, like so many others.
While others like Frank Sinatra and everything in between competed in the United States.
In the '70s and' 80s, New Faces and Opportunity Knocks launched most of the light entertainment stars of UK television.
Of course, some have been forgotten.
But that's what happens to most stars who don't participate in contests anyway.
Rare are those who, after one hit, manage to make another.
Either way, most singers / bands can at best hope for three albums and one best of.
Yeah, but now Cole, or whatever his name is, only has fans in the UK.
His fame comes in part from his marriage to a footballer who breathes through his mouth.
Most Americans know who Jeremy Clarkson is.
can only mean the end of a career
In fact, it's more likely to lead to a career than the typical rock path, even if in your dreams you think all the guitar show-offs who smoke weed in their father's garage and swing three chords on an elementary school poem will surely become stars and the only question is how much they want to touch before even releasing an album.
And worse than ridiculous: it establishes a completely artificial distance between the Western public and the studied peoples - a distance which turns fairly quickly to racism, because the sacralist ethnologists present these distant people to us as infinitely superstitious and steeped in ritual bigotry, whereas the Most of their ways of doing things are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired, like ours, by practical considerations on a daily basis.
Except that you recklessly interpret it the other way around.
Or, but rather than saying that the drum is devoid of a sacred character, is it not better to admit that our Marianne and our Molières do not also have a somewhat sacred character?
Our bias is as recalled to see the sacred as a kind of well-defined object circumscribed to the religious sphere.
Very interesting article anyway.
It's ephemeral decoration to fill the void.
Nothing more.
Great article, thank you.
The recent Pantheonization of illustrious figures of the Republic is an illustration that the feeling of sacredness still lives on.
Who still believes in the interpretations of archaeologists!
Any other discipline would throw out unscientific interpretations that last the life of a Mandarin, rarely less.
When will we see a comparative review of the disciplines so that we can laugh a little?
Because what is valid for archeology also applies to the interpretations given by other disciplines.
It would bring a healthy dose of modesty.
Your contempt for archaeologists is utterly unwarranted!
It is thanks to them that we constantly discover treasures, precious testimonies for reconstructing History, understanding societies, and the example here of comparative archeology is fascinating.
This method is not very old and previously archaeologists relied on their "instinct" and their knowledge, and could be wrong.
Nowadays we have such efficient technical and scientific means that the interpretation of excavations is better but can always be called into question by other discoveries!
Here we are in the midst of the (and old) controversy over shamanism advanced by the prehistorian Jean Clottes (see his book “Les chamanes de la préhistoire”, particularly the augmented re-edition of the scientific controversy, published by La Maison des Rocks).
Thank you for this very informative article
Straight men like anal sex?
For you Mike, I could get started.
So it's over between us?
I don't really understand Why can't we continue with three?
This journal is meant to be serious, made for adults.
Do you really need to fall into the gutter?
No, but we are not against a play on this.
We couldn't watch a musical about it though, that would be too gay!
You would expect to get that kind of comment from you.
Looks like Mary Whitehouse has returned from the dead.
Since your trial offer is almost complete, may I suggest you switch to the Catholic Times.
I am sure you will feel more at home.
He prefers mikedow.
May I suggest that we all look for a newspaper that pays real, courageous journalists to write about the Middle East, Ebola, etc. at their own risk.
Rather than making you giggle with those childish ass jokes.
Not very smart.
Go away then.
If these “childish ass jokes” shock you so much, you don't have to participate, do you?
You also know that this journal also covers the Middle East and Ebola and that it is quite possible to do both and publish an article on anal sex?
Is it the subject that shocks you, or the fact that people are laughing about it?
Nevertheless we find the amateur video of the crash on the net ...
amateur video of the crash on the net… ??
If the FOM has chosen not to show these images, it is only to protect its interests in any case those of the pilot.
If the FOM had wanted to protect the drivers, it would have taken out the safety car when another vehicle (tow truck for example) entered the circuit.
But we had to finish quickly before the typhoon which we knew was coming, but for which the FOM did not see fit to bring forward the time of departure (TV rights, advertising, money…).
But other than that they protect the pilots well.
Well seen, I also share this opinion.
But there is also that if the very British FOM brings in the SC, it will allow Nico Rosberg to have at the restart a chance to beat the English who led then ...
You let go on this blog my dear Dayrton.
But that's okay, I have some time to find all your c ***** ries.
No, just no.
There have been loads of conspiracies in F1, but never one that puts marshals in danger of death for the distant story of the possibility of victory for one driver at the expense of another.
It's not the FOM that takes out the safety because it's the FIA.
Size nuance.
In view of the amateur images, the absence of an image allows the FIA above all to avoid embarrassing questions such as: How is it that the marshal waves a green flag during the intervention and continues to do so after the accident (see the full video after the accident)
No, it is not because the video is considered too violent that the FIA blocks the images of the accident but because we clearly see one of the marshals waving a green flag, a sign that the race can resume normally and that we are no longer under the yellow flag regime.
Some comments show a grim ignorance of F1.
Yes dear Etienne, the race is no longer under a yellow flag regime AFTER the site of the accident, hence the waved green flag.
This is the usual procedure.
The marshal's post just downstream of the accident (depending on the case, it can be 10 meters or 100 meters after the accident) shakes the green to tell the pilots to resume a normal pace.
Sensationalism sells advertising.
I used to think that the media was an integral part of the government's “patriotic” propaganda offensive, but I'm afraid that in the end it's just about the money.
And sex, let's not forget about sex, fear of not having sex, advertising and the media are all good for selling us things that are supposed to improve our sex life.
News does exactly the same.
Making the buzz with info you really don't need to worry about is just to keep scaring people in order to keep controlling them.
“When the tabloids cough about Ebola, we all get fear” It should be “derail”, not “cough”.
Given the medical reference, "cough" is much better said in this context than "derail".
I wonder if all the people who panic that Ebola might start to spread by air realizes that they now believe in evolution?
You do them too much honor.
They probably think that this is the end of the world and that Ebola is just one of the signs of the approaching apocalypse.
Ebola is the Antichrist!
You confuse Ebola and Murdoch ...
Great article, thank you!
A short and concise article which nicely and firmly ridicules this abject pseudo-journalism.
It made me laugh.
It depresses me that the media talks about most things with this upside down optimism.
The point again is to keep us scared and anxious enough (without going into hysteria) that the government can get us out of the way when it needs to.
I think it makes perfect sense that if we are going to have a fiscal emergency in the absence of any crisis, a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack, why not have an Ebola crisis in the absence of any crisis? any case proven?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from the crises it has invented itself.
Isn't there something fundamentally wrong with the idea of governing by fear?
Congratulations on this post, and on being around again almost 35 years later.
Moreover at the beginning it must have been horrible, considering the context of the years 1980-90.
I am amazed, living with the certainty of spending years there… ..
Completely useless testimony.
As always when we talk about science.
Not only are testimonies useless: taken in isolation, they cannot serve as scientific material.
But they have a harmful influence on the objective assessment of the facts.
@trafic: Testimonies cannot be used as scientific material.
This is perhaps why we refrain from asking questions of psychiatric patients when we have reliable observations from relatives.
My psychiatric record mentions that my psychiatrist mother explains that I was educated telepathically by her mother-in-law.
This is therefore an objective symptom.
When I say this is hogwash, it is unimportant subjective testimony.
Ah, because the attestation of a fact (= here this testimony, which attests to the contamination and the effectiveness of new treatments) is useless in a scientific process?
What are you basing your research on then?
On fantasies?
Do you put fanciful theories and facts (= giving rise to verifiable testimonies) on the same level?
“Resilience”: the bogus word adulated by grandmothers, fans of JL Delarue, who think they are great psychologists after having read D'ansembourg.
@Jim: There are a lot of empty buzzwords among shrinks.
Cyrulnik gave us the blow of "resilience".
As he is a great scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope he will have cobbled together a reliable measurement scale to quantify it, this famous resilience.
I wonder if the Air Sentinels could save us all from Farage and company ??
Doesn't that remind you of Team America?
Seriously, it's * not * a good idea to bring Sentinels out of the air ...
Why, then ?
It was a great series and it seems those who put it out are aware of it!
So let us leave our salvation to the Almighty who can work miracles.
But how are they going to get the children to hang on?
The only solution that comes to mind is the humor like wee poo, which would kill the show.
It was already a children's series.
The children were hanging on.
Ah, because it's a children's series?
The UKIP work for the Mysterons.
So keep your Team America.
Still in Supermarionation?
It will not be the same if we do not see the threads and the animation is well done. :-)
I can't wait to see this (despite being an adult), but I hope it gives the idea for a channel to rebroadcast the old ones.
The series has hardly ever stopped airing here in Australia; We've had hour-long episodes on Saturday and Sunday at 6 a.m. for at least 40 years.
Since the arrival of free digital television a few years ago, it has been on one of the second-rate commercial channels and can still be seen at these times.
And in addition, the half-hour episodes now pass at 5:30 a.m., Monday to Friday!
Okay I'm probably a 60 year old 'sad' guy, but I don't watch this show every day!
There is no "Temple Mount" in or under the Esplanades Mosque !!!
The radical Zionists invented this to give themselves political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
Moreover, all the Israeli excavations below and around the Esplanade Mosque for several decades have failed to find anything.
The temple mount if it exists, it is elsewhere.
Maybe in Argentina ??
This mountain is not sought after for the simple reason that it is the hill on which the mosque esplanade was built.
Its summit, or Dome of the Rock, juts out in the middle of the Mosque of Omar.
For Muslims, Muhammad ascended to paradise from this rock.
For the Jews, it is Mount Moriah where Abraham almost sacrificed his son Isaac.
As long as it has been taken and contextualized, there is not propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel also has its extremists, it is good to remind you regularly, and they are unfortunately relayed to the government (Naftali Bennet, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahu, the latter had accepted the 2-state plan, and scuttled it continuously. !).
It is also good to show how the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful fact.
Will God be able to recognize his own?
Shortest Jewish joke: "Praise be to God!"
To boast about tourism in Israel, we are often shown young, half-naked naiads languid on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, very different from what the advertisement shows us, as we can see in the photo that illustrates the article.
It's a bit scary anyway.
And this photo is a magnificent piece of propaganda!
Too bad the Reuters photographer did not take pictures of the hundreds of Palestinians allowed to enter the Temple Mount and who prefer to stone the Jewish worshipers below, praying at the Western Wall.
@Mat, If this photo bothers you, it is with good reason, it is neither the newspaper, nor the photographer, but this woman and the ideology she transmits that must be condemned.
This system is not sustainable and will end in tears.
The only way to end this system is revolution.
Since the economy seems to be going into a spin, big companies have benefited enormously from their employees.
They have succeeded in convincing their employees that they are lucky to have a job and that they cannot afford to increase wages, while at the same time and without hiding, they have always given wages more important to the small elite at the top.
You are right, it is not sustainable, but it will only change in this country when the workers really speak with one voice.
Instead of bitching and moaning when someone else goes on strike, support them, show a little solidarity and understand that their strike is not only about their issues, but also shows your employer that we don't piss off people with impunity.
Unless we abandon democracy, in which case it is tenable.
I totally agree.
The only thing you forgot is that UK and US companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries with the worst social and environmental conditions.
Like for example China and India.
All of this cannot end well.
It was because we are in a democracy that it held.
Did you vote for TTIP?
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) aims to increase the profits of companies owned by these people by bypassing national governments through secret courts.
It sounds incredible, but that's exactly what the investor-state dispute resolution (ISDS) mechanism proposed by the agreement is for.
The Greens are against this project and are trying to alert people to the unimaginable damage this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that we have started to talk about it in the media: Independent Guardian World Development Movement So look at these links and you will understand what is being negotiated behind your back.
Didn't Churchill say "blood, sweat and tears"?
These are great spinoffs, while digital money has no reason to fall let alone grow on trees.
The next weak link will undoubtedly be the auto market.
This gentleman is right, in the 18th century there were unions in all the regiments
In the very Catholic French army, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Let her (well, her officers, the others, no one knows anything) believe herself to be the safe of France's eternal values, and she will fight and shut her mouth.
And then with the decline of the country, globalization, Europe, the crisis of values, in short: the dissolution of the idea of Nation, to have this little relic, it is comforting.
Even if for her, it is more and more uncomfortable ...
You still miss the union of married men, single people, married women, single people, lost dogs and whatever else
If you do not write French correctly, I will organize myself.
You have been warned, it will be your fault.
For the defense of categorical interests, the protected professions endowed with unions are already sufficiently subjected, which has created a breach of equality with other citizens.
We are asked not to laugh about the fear of risk on the part of a civil servant.
One can very well imagine a system ensuring a certain freedom of expression without unions, or without the right to strike as in Germany, in return for the protection they enjoy.
Otherwise disaster assured.
And with the carts being prepared, the government is happy about it.
What security are you talking about?
Ignorance indeed ...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I was referring to the military and other officials, since this is the subject commented on here ...
Suppress "through its delegates" in Article 8 of the preamble to the 1946 constitution.
It will become: "8.
Every worker participates in the collective determination of working conditions as well as in the management of companies ".
This is absolutely essential with the emergence of information power.
And yet you have opened, presumably read and then commented on an article specifically titled "The Great British Bake Off review". ?????
Wait, the section was there, all empty.
I thought we had to start the conversation.
Either way it's Joffrey's wedding that I watched, and I can tell you that some were seasoned well.
In the episode of Joffrey's wedding we have one of the best moments (albeit misleading: it was the wine) in the history of television.
Also, pie mmmh ...
Game Of Thrones !
I love GBBO!
This is the second time in a row that, strangely enough, the show has ended with a victory for the least worst baker; no one was like "boom, here's my fucking cake now eat it and bow to your master"!
Maybe the added pressure of friends and relatives outside finally had an effect on them?
In previous weeks, all these outsiders were kept out.
And there is also this idea of "playing it safe, there is always next week" which disappears the last week.
I love to cook but I can't imagine doing this to myself.
I'm grateful to those who do it and thus provide us with great entertainment and push us to try new things.
On to GBBO 2015!
I agree, the last challenge of last year, the wedding cake, was absurd.
Professionals usually take days to make them and they had to DIY one in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really difficult to decide, I don't know how they were able to choose a winner.
In Luis, the only real flaw they could find was the slightly dry base (although I agree with Hollywood that the green icing on Richard's mill didn't make you want to, anyway. Richard had already lost by then).
I must admit that several challenges in this series seem a little artificial due to the time allotted.
There is also cancer lurking, with the solar gusts.
Decidedly, everything is working for us at the moment.
A bad time to pass for humanity, we hope.
You confuse solar wind and ultraviolet rays.
UV rays are blocked mainly by the ozone layer which is formed precisely by the impact of residual solar wind particles and UV rays.
So even if the magnetic field weakened, there wouldn't be enough solar wind to "drive" ozone out of the stratosphere.
There would even be more, and therefore less UV rays and “cancers”.
Fortunately, the ozone layer does not block UV rays.
They have a bunch of useful functions that you wouldn't know about.
If we limit ourselves to humans, they have the advantage of allowing us to have bones (synthesis of vitamin D), to heat us (less than infrared), to modulate our immune system and, it seems. , improve our morale.
The ozone layer blocks carcinogenic UVCs and allows UVA and most UVB rays to pass through.
Do you know that you don't have to be condescending and consider the other person to be a dodger when you post a comment?
Especially for a minor precision which was implied in the commentary, which itself intends to demonstrate pedagogy.
Without saying that I am used to melanoma, UV rays only ACCELERATE its development.
They don't CAUSE it.
As proof: not all tanned people have melanoma.
Or, when a doctor tells you to avoid the sun and live in the back of a cellar, it is better not to listen because UV rays are necessary for all humans.
Excess, on the other hand, is like everything: it kills.
But for other reasons.
UV rays directly cause melanoma.
Can we fold it?
And, more importantly, can it be used in a blender?
or put it in a blender ...
I believe that the majority of those interested in it have established that anything can be bent if you apply enough force to it, and the ruggedness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable for its intended use.
I think the military needs something more resilient and therefore has yet to embrace the iPhone6 as their frontline communications hardware.
But for us,
It remains a good choice.
the majority of those interested have established that anything can be bent if sufficient force is applied to it
Except a Nokia 3310.
More precisely, is it already folded?
We make this joke in every discussion.
I decided to count them.
This is the fourth folding joke I read in the comments today.
It's hard to understand how a prototype can be distributed like this.
Before installing specific software, we imagine that the phone has been removed from the main production line and it is difficult to see how it could return to it.
So, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ........................................
Most likely, this is a production unit where iOS was not installed correctly and is therefore stuck with the factory test code installed.
I have no idea how they do this stuff at all.
But, would they put test software on all of them?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the absence of an FCC or CE logo and the presence of a red prototype connector.
ah the article for bobo par excellence.
We want inexpensive products and we are surprised that manufacturers produce in "industrial" We put forward super u but all brands and even small businesses are concerned How to eat good, organic avac € 1650 (average salary in France) ?
But to respond to your post, if it is possible to eat properly with a small salary.
Afterwards, everyone is free to put their priorities where they want.
For me, food is one.
Go without hard feelings, I kiss you
We call bobos, or better boboécolos, people who see the world through ideological "software" that leads them to disconnect from realities.
It is total thought-reason unbundling.
They are experts in posturing, for example claim to save the planet because they avoided taking a shower.
They are also experts in tartuferie, joining in this the left-caviar, from which they sometimes come, for example by condemning CO2 emissions while spending their holidays in the Maldives.
The vast majority of our fellow citizens do not support this mixture of heavy ideology and tartuferie so do not be surprised to often meet criticism about them.
Wow, thank you for this complete and exhaustive theory as well as for all the associated details (plane, shower…).
I would like to be part of it but I do not find myself there.
The concept is not that complicated.
The boboécolos are monobloc.
Did you understand the concept of left-caviar?
Well you are able to understand the concept of the boboécolo.
It's the perfect copy with just an ideological nuance.
The classification would be more complicated if we were interested in eco-friendly people.
The boboécolo is one of them but only represents the most visible fringe of environmentalists because it is the one that infests the media.
Here is a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently no one wants to look this giraffe in the face.
She is so poorly made that she vaguely resembles a female nude.
Hush, you are missing the point.
You have to be part of the microcosm of art to understand the astounding beauty of truth in this work.
But you simply have no legitimacy to comment since you haven't spent countless decades studying and petting great artists.
The important thing is not the fact that Emin cannot draw and always seems obsessed with the same subject.
The important thing is that she really managed to become fabulously rich and famous without having any artistic ability.
This is * art *.
No, it's pig.
The fact that Emin doesn't know how to draw
This is not really a proven fact.
Rather, it is an opinion.
Unless the only thing you can appreciate are realistic reproductions of dogs smoking while playing pool.
Judging art can be problematic, but not in this case.
Drawing is more than just representing the real.
If you're just looking for that, a camera will do.
The author also talks about Emin's expressionism.
Look again and let the picture speak for itself, without comparing it to the kind of drawing you may prefer.
If it's that easy, why don't you do it yourself?
There is still plenty to save money: riding activities, the number of horses in the Republican Guard or the status of generals who are no longer in active service ....
L (honesty means that France is decreasing its numbers, but as all countries have done, sometimes even more drastically, starting with Great Britain.
This is only half encouraging ...
Operational without support quickly finds its limits!
A singular approach, at a time when we observe the weaknesses and inadequacies of our defense tool, in particular in the Sahel.
A bad blow for the local communities concerned, which are losing a dimension of their activities, even part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuary?
@edmond: that's what I said, look elsewhere where to save money but especially not at home, at home it is really not possible ...
This is exactly what you are proposing to do, look elsewhere where the mismanagement is certain.
May all those who have been around more or less the military thing dare to come here and say, eye to eye, that there is no money wasted in this area and without bursting into laughter ...
Apply the same potion to the entire public service and public finances will get a little better.
And for Josi: really reloud: look at the inflation of public employment in the other ministries and you will understand why La Défense can consider itself a little busy!
Well yes, the savings on which everyone agrees that they must be made, it has to be seen somewhere, right?
Lack of pot, those on whom it falls moan with the assassination when it arrives at home, the poor darlings.
Should be done but especially that it does not fall on me because, in this case there, it is a crime and not an economy.
Guignols, go!
How will closing the Val de Grace weaken our defense tool in the Sahel?
As for local communities, history repeats itself with each closure of post, maternity ward, hospital, barracks.
But everyone is for the savings of course.
It's weird, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and is not happy with the savings in public spending.
This article is truly the most mind-boggling thing I have ever read!
That embarrassing moment where the first three commenters make the same bad joke.
It's depressing to scroll through your Facebook feed and see that 80% of your friends started their status with the phrase "This embarrassing moment".
I think they're going to make a movie of it.
It will surely be based on some hilarious scenes where someone stumbles upon their ex on the bus on their way to work and only realizes her skirt has tucked into her panties there.
It's not embarrassing, it's completely stupid.
Not really, in my opinion the author takes on the role of the typical British man who has always been taught to bury his emotions and grit their teeth.
I'm sure if you're a Kate Bush fan, announcing her return to the stage after a 25-year absence has been a big thing.
Do you realize that your comment is now at the heart of a battle over who will have the rights?
I don't have "the internet".
So I don't think I can comment.
Not having a computer.
My god, I have to see this movie before I die!
I can't believe how the most amazing article I have ever read!
Charlie has really just shown that he is at the top of the cosmic universe that is satirical journalism!
I fall backwards!
It is imperative that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so that they finally have enlightenment and experience the incredible dazzling and unsurpassable genius that springs from Mr. Brooker's keyboard like a divine glow.
Hell, that was really bad.
Especially if they are neither women nor transvestites.
I am a parasite.
This shows a positive development within democracies: the rise of regional policies and effective associative initiatives.
Until further notice, we have the right to save our planet confiscated by states that play the pie at each meeting to save the planet.
We therefore decide, citizens, to take matters in hand.
With the commissioner that they planted with energy, all these beautiful recommendations flew away ....
Translate: Wind turbines and solar farms are the roundabouts of tomorrow.
All financed by the taxpayer.
Please stop this pro-nuclear talk.
Pollution is not limited to CO2.
Radioactivity is much more harmful in terms of its waste and in the event of an accident.
As long as the sector is not fully mastered, it is better to limit it to laboratories.
Renewable energies are our only salvation, provided of course that our consumption is drastically reduced.
Electricity from renewable sources to fight against CO2 emissions?
France is in no way concerned.
Nuclear electricity is zero CO2 emissions for production and epsilon for the other stages.
Electricity from renewable wind or PV is already more GHG on the other stages and especially gas, or worse coal as in Germany, to compensate for the intermittence.
Replacing nuclear power with renewable wind power or PV would run counter to the fight against CO2.
Christial I am not insulting you I am a State Doctor in physical sciences 1981 moreover I have done research in nuclear physics I challenge you to prove the contrary of what I said.
For what I did not say it is you who lend me ideas I did not say anything about Germany nothing nothing in fact you did not respond to what I was saying and like all right-wing people demolish the interlocutor I never do.
I will also quote the conclusion of experts commissioned by the German government: Germany's current renewable energy program is an unprofitable and inefficient way to reduce GHG emissions and should be stopped.
0 emissions if you do not count uranium extraction and construction and if you do not count water vapor greenhouse gas less than Co2 it is true recall two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant leaves in water vapor and a little in the water of rivers.
I stopped reading when you referred to Pakistan as a “South Asian giant”… !!
The last time Pakistan won against Hindustan.
It doesn't surprise me, most Indians who post comments only want to read and comment on articles against Pakistan.
By the way, it shows your state of mind.
It would have been the same if they had called India the giant of South Asia ...
I have nothing against some Pakistani players participating, but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would simply be opening a Pandora's Box full of corruption and Mafiosi.
As for ISL, today's opener was surprisingly interesting, with Athletico de Kolkata winning 3-0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan still has a long way to go.
Compared to the billions and billions India spends on IPL cricket and now football, how could we ever compete with our "loud neighbors" ...
The race for the low cost launcher pays off in cash.
Too bad for such a beautiful project.
For the incident, the possible design flaw only manifests itself with too cold helium.
We are therefore perhaps not in a design flaw, but in implementation ...
unlike arianespace which is a private company, it seems that soyouz belongs to the russian state ...
And if the rule is the same as here the state is its own insurer.
They might pay for the satellites in frigates who knows.
This is all the more unfortunate that many media repeat the titles of articles in a loop - and that many readers only retain these titles.
Altogether this creates a false impression contrary to the content of the article itself.
Completely agree with you, the title is not appropriate, it unfairly calls into question the project when it is only a problem of the launcher.
